Bookmark this Link: http://moneylmhqamhzfcw6qm2no375eku2brclbilrzy7ae4364l75nhvtnyd.onion Buy Real MoneyThe Smartest Moneyon the Deep Web!The WayReviewsFAQBUY CHFBuy USDBuy EURBuy GBPBitcoin Guide
3.970 thoughts on >Reviews<Some
 trusted buyers know critical information about us so we screen our
comments to make sure you don’t post something that would jeopardize us
accidentally.
Comments post at the top of the page, You can post your comments at the bottom. Admin is shown as >Buy Real Money<.Let's change my life.
    I accumulated 3.600 € to buy the Platinum package. Now let's see.ReplyEl Macho
  Can't complain :DReplybuer
  @martha it is real. I get the euros silver package and it comes by post in 4 days.Replymartha
    please someone let me know if this site is real??Replyxiondor
      ITS
 LEGIT! I came home yesterday and opened it up. Cash is in there and it
is the real deal. Unfortunately I didn’t get extra like some other
people did.. But I got what I ordered and I am happy with that.Thank you Admin and Team Buy Real MoneyReplyanon1900
  It works for me. They a little slow sometimes but the cash is legit.ReplyKnevalous
    I'm
 going to make my first purchase. I see the reviews so here goes
nothing. As for that bitch Mr.Smith, Eat a dick fucker. Let people enjoy
 this cash.ReplyPaul
   Hi I am PaulReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
     For
 your information, our site may be a little slow recently because a
script kiddie (Mr. Smith) is stress testing our server to get into our
software. Over 50.000 server requests in the last 24h. Respect to you
bro.For our clients please be a little bit extra patient. Nothing changed our site and your information are safe.Admin ReplyJohn Daker
  UPDATE: I got an reply on my mail with a tracking number. Like it seems it will arrive on thursday. (Free shipping)ReplyArgent
    Shut
 the fuck up asshole. How about you go chase the Rothschilds who're
ripping the world off? Or what about the cunts at Goldman Sachs? Fuck
you're warped idea of ''Justice'' and fuck off. I hope the dudes covered
 their tracks well.ReplyMr. Smith
   Tick-Tok Motherfucker... Times Up..ReplyJohn Daker
     I've
 already been scammed by one of these sites. I placed my order on this
website for a rookie package on May 27th @ 2 PM. I emailed them asking
for an update on my order as I'm being very cautious and skeptical right
 now. No reply as of yet, but I will let all of you know if I ever hear
anything back. Otherwise, they took my bitcoin and ran like the other
scam site.Replyserdarweb
  I
 was scammed from another site that sold euros and then found they copy
this site. I ordered Silver package with delivery to Germany. Package
came in a computer company box hidden in grey bags. Less than 4 days
passed from payment to delivery by post.Replyinfernus
  I
 agree Diablox32. Having worked in the banking industry for years now,
I’ve seen scores of money making methods come and go. Until now, nobody
quite got it right and everyone was trying to fuck you over. In the
Buy Real Money method, they have created a near perfect blend of ease and
security. I’ve been using them for months now – keep it up!ReplyDiablox32
  Man,
 I have been reading some of these reviews and you fuckers that are
complaining about anything at all should just shut the fuck up or leave
this world completely. You really want to complain that you big ass box
of cash was $20, $50, or even $100 short?? So fucking what!!!! You still
 have a shitload more than you had before the packaged arrived so why
are you even looking a gift horse in the mouth? Assholes!Oh and
your package took one day longer to ship or two days longer to receive?
Again, so fucking what! At least you got the package and didn’t get
scammed like you thought you would! If I was Admin I would stop shipping
 to any asshole that complained, left a bad review, or just flat out was
 an asshole to him because you hate your life and feel the need to bring
 everyone down with you. Better be glad it’s not me shipping the stuff
or half you mother fuckers would be cut off completely AND I would still
 keep your BTC to show you how life isn’t fair and you can’t expect it
to be just cause you live in your own head.Some people!ReplyDIrty Laundry
  I dont care bitcoin crashed. I made up my loses with my most recent purchase from Admin.Replyjackster
    Does this actually work ReplyDeeter
      The notes I got were all new series euro.ReplyMr. Smith
        You
 have 24 hours to delete this site. Otherwise we will take action. Last
chance. We know who you are and where you are. Dont believe it. Just
wait.ReplyYbMala
  The euro bills are the new bills or the former ?Replyvixendoll
    The Government is just full of stealing hebs. I dont care either. Its my money. Im just reclaiming it 🙂ReplyHi Friend!
      I
 am seriously concerned about our government. I think the Swiss is going
 to experience a coup and if does the currency markets are going to go
to shit. Bitcoin and Gold will be the best resource.I could give
 2 shits that I am stealing money from the gov buying preshred. I dont
even see it as stealing. I paid thousands of dollars in taxes and all
our gov does is give it to special interest groups.I am taking
my money back from the Swiss government and they can fuck themselves
while I spend my reclaimed cash the way I want too.Keep up the good work Buy Real Money!KReplyLi
  Hey
 c0mm@n3r you make a good point. I also have gotten screwed by a couple
of sellers on locabitcoins. They take a steep profit for themselves and I
 payfor it. I started moving my coin though Admin as an alternative and
it was a good choice. Though every time I get a package from him I still
 check the money for counterfeit. So far no found to date.ReplyThe C0mm@nd3r
   I
 prefer to get my cash here. I used to use localbitcoins to cash out my
bitcoin. With this shop I can cash out and make a huge profit at the
same time.ReplySammy
  You’re the best! Can’t wait to be a regular customer.Replyanoymous
    Is this possible? 45000 dollars 100x 450?ReplyBumbaseed
      Testing.... is this real?ReplyHermann
        I've ordered an payd 60h ago.....tracking number says I will get my package on monday!Thanks for this...correct guy :)ReplyMr. Smith
          We are coming for you.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
            Reminder- Buy Real Money only uses realtormoney@protonmail.com (Lowercase/Uppercase is does not matter). USE NO OTHER EMAIL.AdminReplyThor
              I
 ordered and and I got my tracking number… Admin was good at keeping in
contact with me through the entire transaction. Once i made a payment I
got my tracking number in about 5 hours. I was scared, as this was my
first transaction but I kept faith. I got my package this morning and it
 was exactly what I ordered. Saturday delivery too! Thank you!ReplyCandleJack
   Sent
 BTC, got tracking, Received on time, spent $3,000 of the $6,650 in
approximately 4 days before i found a bill that an ATM wouldn’t accept. I
 emailed Admin at customer support and was told to “go fuck off”Replyanoymous123
   Is this a reliable site for first-time users? no scam? I can not believe it.Replydee_two
     I
 just placed my order for the $45,000 package today. I asked about the
cash shortage. Admin said that its looking like they will probably will
run out by thurs/fri. Glad I got my order in.I would fucking hate to have my BTC ready to buy and have to wait 2-4 weeks for more inventory. Fuck that.ReplyBmood
  What
 do you mean by you exchange $ with Euro and then send the real ones?
I’m about to place an order but I need to understand this. Can you
please help explain?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
  @Bmood – That is a good question.It
 works like this – We take our preshred CHF and send them to a contact
we have in Luxembourg who then takes the cash and exchanges it for
Euros. This is why Euro, GBP and USD have a higher cost than CHF, we
have to pay our people to make the exchange.Spend WiselyAdminReplyDilbert
  Common
 Admin get more of the cash. I am ready to quit my job but I don’t want
to put my notice in until I know for sure I can get more shipments.Replyleifteim
  wanna know if my comment shows up 🙂ReplyMr X
    Whether
 you just want the money, or you have a problem that cash can solve,
Buy Real Money will help. We have now placed 4 orders to my house and will
be adding another next week for the Chalsea. With a one simple package
in the mail you can solve almost any problem you can think of. Perfect
with my high maintenance girlfriend, she takes so many 100’s it’s
amazing. I might sell her to the circus as the most expensive woman on
Earth.For the paranoid – This is for you. It is packaged very well, sent quickly, securely, and the tracking info gives peace of mind.+ Good product support+ Good packaging+ Because of the size it doesn’t stand out like a kilo of cocaine or weed.+ no smell.– Slow email responses.– Occasionally unprofessional.– Not very competent at answering legal or accounting questions.ReplyKara
  got the update Admin thanks and I see the tracking information now online. Looking forward to my shipment tomorrow.ReplyHelo
    placed
 my order and got a tracking confirmation 10 hours later. kind of slow
response time right? followed the tracking until it showed up today. I
ordered the $6,650 package and he gave me $6,950 which is nice. “Admin”
with Buy Real Money makes lots of stupid jokes but i got my cash. he can
keep his jokes to himself in the future. just keep sending me the money
and shut the hell upReplyCopenhagen5150
  Testing, testing get that money.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
    Ladies & GentsIt
 has been a busy past week or two especially with all the fuckery going
on with the hijacked link. Always be vigilant and make sure the onion
address you are on matches the pictures and remember we ONLY USE
realtormoney@protonmail.comWe are asking again for recent clients
to please send us some pics of your shipments so that we can use them on
 our website. We get questions all the time from people asking for pics,
 what better pics to show than the actual product itself at its
destination. Send them to our email and make sure you have removed all
metadata and that they do not identify you or show something that would
identify you. If your pic is attached to a new order, you will get 50%
off that order with free overnight shipping. if you send us some bull
shit you wont get anything. Dont send a dick pic and ask for 50%.As
 always around a holiday USD inventory runs low. If you are getting
regular monthly shipments those will not be impacted. If you are
ordering do so now to ensure your order is filled. Euro and GBP
inventory should be good for the next few days.Spend Wisely My FriendsAdminReplyurock
  Beautiful can’t wait for results; )ReplyJamisonLando
    6,650
 Cold Hard Cash…. Its more than I make in a month. Ordered Monday
arrived Thursday. Cash was inside a child’s toy. Very sneaky. Thanks
Admin and team.ReplyQotar
  The best place to get my online poker money.Replyzooted
    OOOOOh my GAWWWD. It came in!!! is prince. Admin you’re King!! Thank you BRO!!ReplyNumbers13
      I
 was pissed I didnt win the Powerball this week. Its fucking impossible!
 At least my monthly package from Admin arrives and it puts a smile on
my face.ReplyBen
  Late
 this afternoon my order from Buy Real Money arrived. Upon inspection of
the parcel was 2 sealed silver bags which contained 6,650 British Pound
Sterling. The notes where then checked for counterfeit using a Safescan
2985-SX with all bills passing inspection.ReplyBryan
  This
 was my first purchase with Buy Real Money. I bought the Semi-Pro $6,650
package. Since it was my first transaction I used escrow (CoinMixer
Escrow Service).Process went smoothly from the time of order and
deposit with escrow company. It took 12 days to receive the cash. Cash
was in 20s, 50s, and 100s . Packaging was secure and cash well hidden.I will be ordering again.Thank you.Replynoypi
  Checking if ny comment appears.Replyexcaliber
    Well? Is it legit or nah ? ReplyArtBardin334
      I spent almost $10,000 in cash last night and had the time of my life.I
 didnt even go to bed yet. I had to post before I crash. Buy Real Money is
awesome. I had my first threesome with 2 really hot strippers, rented a
stretched limo, and had my own VIP table service at a real popular club.I
 could do this every night. Admin I hope you dont run out of cash. I am
living like a king. I think I am going to download the pic of Leo from
your home page and make it my logo for life.Now Im going to pass out. Good Night.Replygreenchicken
  OK Admin its been a month since I received my last order. I am
 putting in for my second order. This time I am going for $45,000.Will I still get my cash like last time within 2-3 days?Replynomad
    EUR bills ok?ReplyJojo
      ………best in the business!Replyf_bruno
        In
 the past I ordered counterfeit euro from the marketplace. Some are good
 some are not. The Euro from Buy Real Money is real (confirmed) and I have
no problems with the post in Germany.ReplyJC
  Look,
 everything has its pros and cons. I am an Master with Admin. Which
basically means I have bought a shit ton of cash. The pros of this site.
 It delivers real cash. Admin uses good stealth for the shipping. The
cons-you can only order once a month. Some bullshit about making sure
there is enough cash for everyone. If it were up to me I would just by
it all and fuck the rest of you. But no, I have to buy every month like
everyone else.If you are still on the fence. Dont do it!! You are not ready for this lifestyle. Plus it means more cash for me.ReplyKice
  I found some website which looks like Buy Real Money. All of them are scam, I wonder if this site is legit?ReplyFluffie
    Buy Real Money is highly professional, knowledgeable about this work and
deadline focused. The cash delivery was on time and they are easy to
work with. I think he could improve on responding to messages faster. I
will definitely order with Buy Real Money in the future. Only good things
to say!ReplyHermann
  I
 hate our fucking system, i work hard for my money to pay fucking much
taxes to our fucking state politician. That piss me off & thats why i
 do this here. In the dark net you don't can trust neverbody, but i hope you guys are staight at this point.Thats
 my first time i buy something with bitcoins at all. I've checked out
for days how it works to be completly anonymous and i hope i can order
later this week.I'm verry sceptical, but I hope this thing works fine, if not, i suck...but thats life. No risk, no fun.Best regards to the swiss guys from the neighboring country. Replykevin

Didnt work for fuck sakeReplyghad
  it worked so nice :)ReplyVonnieHussey
    Just
 placed a order with Buy Real Money and wow, real nice guys to talk with,
thanks again I will be leaving another reply when package gets hereReplyJanaT4884021
  Thank you Mr Admin for the money to BrasilReplynethomie5
    I
 had a $100 bill that wasn’t going through the ATM. I asked if they
would replace it. I was told “Buy Real Money is not currently accepting
bull shit from faggots like you”. I’m very upset. I demand more respect
than that. All the other cash spent fantastic.Replyloreen
  My
 bitch of an ex wife has me up against a wall for alimony. I paid the
bitch off with this order. I am very very very very very very very
HAPPYYYYYYYYYYReplyNewGuy
  Admin
 just dropping a line to say thank you. I am glad I went ahead with the
semi pro as my first order. I can get a lot done with it. You will be
hearing from me again in exactly a month when I get set to me a “Master”
 😉ReplyOdessaMcCran
   The Silver Package was delivered to me by post. Notes are new version. 8 days total to deliver after payment.ReplyMidgarLord
     are you from europe? are the euro good qualityReplyno_warranty_
       I got it bookmarked Admin. Rule #1 on the DW bookmark your sites!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
         Please
 make sure you bookmark http://moneylmhqamhzfcw6qm2no375eku2brclbilrzy7ae4364l75nhvtnyd.onion. We are aware of a hijack
 from our site to another using a @secmail.pro email address. People
with good eyes noticed that the onion address in the pictures was ours
but the address of the site was different. We are working on it.As
 most of you are existing clients this may not be so much of an issue
but note we did NOT change our email. Please keep your correspondence
with realtormoney@protonmail.com.We
 have made major changes to the website. These include security measures
 and customer service changes, which are reflected in the ordering
process.1. The comment form now has a captcha because we noticed an increasing number of hacking attempts.2.
 Because there are still too many idiots who can not follow simple
instructions, we have integrated an ordering process on our site, to
keep things even more simple. Nothing changes for our monthly
subscribers. You will get your package as usual.For all new
customers there is now the possibility to place their order directly via
 the website. For the hacker aka script-kiddies: go fuck yourself - we
arn't amateurs, we are unhackable! AdminReplyanon
  just bought it, seeing if it works will let you guys know if it arrives :)ReplyErnest
    I saw another site (Cash God) with same reviews and write ups.. Now I'm confused which is realReplyBlackhole_Sinner
      I
 wanted to take a min and thank Admin. I ordered from that scam site
with the secmail.pro email address. The site look just like this one but
 I didnt notice the onion address and the pictures were not the same.
Well I was screwed.I told Admin what had happened and asked if
this was a scam to please not take my money. I bought the 6,650 and it
actually arrived. Admin even threw in 2,000 extra which more than
covered what I lost at the scam site with the secmail.pro email address.Thank you Admin. People Need to Know.ReplyDebian93
  Be
 careful!!! Like some others that commented here I was scammed by a
clone as well. Buy Real Money is pretty famous in the underground world but
 as a noob I didnt know any better. Hint: notice the real Buy Real Money
onion address is in the pictures.Admin and his team are
fantastic. They helped me overcome my fear and distrust since getting
screwed twice before with cloned sites. I did my homework this time and
researched with TRUSTED darkweb veterans who know what is what around
here and the gave me the correct http://moneylmhqamhzfcw6qm2no375eku2brclbilrzy7ae4364l75nhvtnyd.onion Buy Real Money
address. I have made sure to keep this link bookmarked so that I am not
fooled again. There are so many clones out their its hard to know what
is real or not. All I can tell you is do your research (which is hard)
with people who REALLY KNOW the darkweb. Its not as easy as it seems.BTW..
 the money you get from these guys is not counterfeit. It is real cash,
like others I tested it for counterfeit and used a pro grade counter,
every bill passed and as others have commented their stealth shipping is
 insane!ReplyAnonymous
   any peoples in poland buy euro here? ReplyRfh

   Testing testing 109578, Testing if Ivan pot a review, To see if let me post a review ReplyVisa
     I buy GC’s with my pre-shred. $500 cards each time. Its good profit everytime.Replyhahad
       testReplyCrazy Horse
         I
 believe that BTC is about to go up so I bought preshred to use to buy
bitcoin bitcoin. Its nice because I get preshred at a big discount which
 translates to discounted bitcoin. Once I sell after a nice pop up I
will turn a really good profit. Fingers crossed.ReplyShe-Male Power
  Why so many post about pussy? Has anyone used the cash to buy some nice thick D?ReplyAnonymous
    Today
 is the best Friday of my life. My “Semi Pro” is here and its all here.
Admin man you are the cock and the balls dude. I was skeptical but I had
 hope and man it paid off. Thank you dude.Replyniggurh
   No
 shit Nordic why dont you yell in of the police station and tell them
how it all works. What a fucking noob. You dont need to help the police
figure out how we get our shipments.ReplyAnonymous
  GoodReplyNullSoc1t3y
    Made my first order – Hoping all will be what it seems.ReplyJew
      The package has arrived. I will use this money and we shall regain world domination.ReplyD. Trump
        Stealing
 money from the US taxpayers is not accetable. Shipping money to people
who you dont know makes no sense. Admin stop stealing money from the
USA! That preshred belongs to the US taxpayer!ReplyBIGODK

this nigga loves cash	hook a brotha up???????????Replynuke fuel
  I am now buying my weed with preshred cash and my dealer does not care. I think I am going to resell and make a biz out of it.Replypatronboss
    Best stolen quid on the DW!!!!!!!ReplyCorei3
      Whoever
 first thought of the casino idea is a genius. I dropped 10 large and
hit a jackpot on the monopoly slot machine $25 a pull. The casino host
fucking comp’d the shit out of me too. Suite……Booze…and yes… pussy too.
Best $1500 I ever spent.Replymrboy
  Ring cam shows the delivery man dropped off my package. WHOO WHOOReplyshadowcrow
    I
 was that clone site you were talking about. Fucked up. No honour amidst
 thieves. I think Admin and team are used to it though.
http://moneylmhqamhzfcw6qm2no375eku2brclbilrzy7ae4364l75nhvtnyd.onion is the only way to go.ReplyMr. Black
  My
 biggest issue about this place is it is hard to find. There are so many
 scam sites that copied Buy Real Money and it makes it hard to find this
one. I know that is not their fault, but it is frustrating.The
product itself is great. The currency is real and I can spend it very
easily. I have not had a problem yet. This is my third order with my
latest for a semi-pro. What i really like is how well they hide the
contents of the shipment. Out of 3 orders each was different. I wont
type them as I am not sure they would want that information public.Overall
 if you are looking for a cheap source for cash this is the place. I
know they do not like posting onion addresses but I would think their
own is permitted. Bookmark this site http://moneylmhqamhzfcw6qm2no375eku2brclbilrzy7ae4364l75nhvtnyd.onion and save
yourself the hassle of trying to find it every time.Mr. BlackReplydr_eddy
  Long
 time client with SW and very happy with the service. Follow the
directions and cash arrives. I have never been so happy to get the mail.ReplyAnonymous
  5*****Replythefuckingbee
    Placed an order on the 10th and it came today. Pretty fast!Reply0b0l
      placed my order, waiting for my shipping confirmation. fuck i hope this is real. will post again once i get my cash.ReplyAnonymous
        Tracking number is received and its coming by fedex.ReplyInterested....

        Whodat where did you go in Saint Martin? I head the girls are fantastic and I was thinking of taking a trip.Replywhodat
          I
 went to sint maartin using the pre shred cash and I cant be any
happier. I paid for my air, hotel, casino trips, and yes, to the whore
house, which I highly recommend. The most beautiful Colombian girls in
the world and compared to nevada they are cheap but high quality.
$10,000 goes a long way.ReplyJohn
  Made my payment to Admin. Hope it all works out.Replyyou get a confirmation yet?ReplyFuck Yes!!!
    MY BOX IS HEREReply	Nordic Cross
      This
 was my first transaction using a TOR browser. I was very nervous. I
placed my order for a $1300 on Friday the 4th of May. I sent the bitcoin
 to Admin to a wallet address he provided. After 3 or so hours I got a
shipping confirmation and tracking number stating my package would
arrived 14th of May. BTW I used the free shipping option. The package
arrived this morning via USPS. The envelope was a generic USPS envelope
and was sealed. Inside the envelope was a shrink wrapped DVD and a paid
invoice for $19.95 for the DVD. At this point I thought I received the
wrong piece of mail. I opened the DVD and inside was a sealed black bag.
 I used some scissors and cut the top of the bag open. Inside was $1300
in various bills. Most of the bills were in fairly good condition.I
 know people are probably looking at this site and wondering whether or
not to order. I was one of those people. Overall I am please with the
transaction and would do another order with them.Replytucomcarry

  Just placed my order for the $45,000 package. Financial freedom, here I come
  ReplyES
    I used to work with counterfeit currency, but now with Buy Real Money I can get the real stuff minus the risk.I
 might be in the minority, but I hope people were scared off by the hack
 and stay away from here. The less people who know about it the more
cash that’s available for me to order.ReplyObscure
  Testing Comment. Will update if order is successful.Reply010011
    I
 was going to try one other vender and Buy Real Money seemed the most
legit. I placed my order and they sent me a tracking number. Now I’m
just waiting on the product. I’ll follow up in a few days to let you all
 know as well.Replynappy head
   Im sold. I sent an email and payment for the semi-pro I will hit u up when I get itReplymitch69
     Sorry Admin i fucked up. Next time better.ReplyFireLion
       Testing
 to see if I can post and if I can and this is legit in will purchase
and review this 100% legit cuz I been scammed 7 times already and I just
 want this to be real so it starts with this post.ReplyBrony Boy
   I
 finished my first order about a week and a half ago. I stated with the
rookie to check it out. Now that I got the first order I want to order
again but they make you wait 1 month before you place another order.ReplyMisha91
  QUESTIONHey Admin and the community , just have a question,I live in France just across border of Switzerland.Do you think I can change Euro cash to Swiss francs at the Currency exchange office.For example changing 500 Euro (max) to Swiss francs (for not getting attention).ThanksReplyAnon
    These are great reviews……… Im buyingReplyfoster
      Admin i got my stuff yesterday when it was supposed to. glad you can handle all this stuff and still deliver the goodsReplyseethingseer
        I
 previously posted but it may not have gone through due to the hack. I
ordered day before yesterday, requested overnight and BTC prices rose so
 I only had enough in my wallet to buy standard delivery once I was
contacted. I used the realtormoney@protonmail.com
 email and got instructions. I looked at the shipment schedule and it
looks like a standard shipment wont ship until Monday since standard
will not ship today correct? Thanks.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
  That is correct shipments do not go out on Sunday. All orders will go out on Monday. Back to business as normal.Buy Real MoneyReplyseethingseer
    Thanks
 Admin that helps a lot, appreciate you answering my question. I
followed up with an email to you as well but you can disregard that as I
 will likely hear from you tomorrow, cheers!!ReplyWanker
   Here Here…… best source for quid and you deliver by post fastReplyKizi
     I
 wouldnt be surprised if it wasnt the Deep State try to take you guys
down or at least dishearten your clients. You are the best source on the
 DW to launder. We need you to keep this alive.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
   Blackhat check your email….. You should be all set. We added extra cash that should cover you and then some.The
 hack has been resolved for now. As you know in the dark net this is
normal business and goes with the territory. Be careful when you order
or communicate with us and always use realtormoney@protonmail.com. Capital letters or mix of capital and lower case letters are the same thing. As long as it is realtormoney@protonmail.com
 you are fine. Always make sure the onion in the picture matches the
onion for the site you are on. The hackers used a site that looked like
ours with a similar onion address but not the same. The pictures had our
 onion in them, they didnt change them, but their onion was very similar
 so if you didnt pay attention you might not have noticed. We are
working on making some major changes to the site coming up to reduce
things like this and make it a little easier for our clients to
recognize if they are on a scam site or not. However, technology being
what it is, it is not fool proof and it will eventually be overcome. Its
 just the way things are.We are operating normally now. Feel
free to claim your cash. Dont let hackers stop you. Its what they want
to do anyway. We wont be deterred neither should you.Spend Wisely My FriendsAdminReplyNexus8

Go get em Admin!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
  Greetings Ladies & GentlemanPlease note that we only use realtormoney@protonmail.com
 to process orders. We DO NOT use @secmail.pro, @gmail.com, or any
other. It is always NewMoney NOT NewMoney2 or anything else. Those
are clones. A special thanks to one of our regular clients who noticed a
 hack that was routing people to another site. However with keen eyes he
 saw that the onion address and the onion in the pictures did not match.
 This issue has been corrected. He is going to be well compensated for
his assistance.Spend Wisely My FriendsAdminReplybilf
  TestReplyasdf
    Amazing! A+ vendorReplyCross-Id
      My cash came today and it was inside a Mr. Potato Head. Hilarious. I will do a larger deal next time.Thank you Admin ReplyPinkiepieisworstpony
        Hey All,I
 was *highly* skeptical. In fact I thought Buy Real Money was selling high
quality counterfeit and saying it was real cash. I placed my order on
Thursday morning with 2-3 day shipping, tracking received Thursday
night, package received today. This is not counterfeit, it’s 100%
genuine and I took it to the bank. I see good reviews and I am going to
add my voice to theirs. I will be definitely getting 10,000k next time
round.May you all enjoy your cash in health and prosperity,PinkReplyjcooper
  hey
 Admin! i made a payment today for overnight. The tracking shows it will
 arrive soon, how reliable are fedex tracking codes? thanksReplyToxicFisticuffs
   So cool this nigga getting some green tooReplyPeaceFreak
     I
 have been a long time client with Admin. He is a good man and really
does not need to do this. I think he sells this cash so that every hard
working person has the opportunity to be free from debt and bill
collectors. Thats just my opinion.BTW Admin the new guy is doing a
good job. My latest package had everything packaged professionally. I
was surprised he got $10,000 in such a small space.Replypooch
  I
 tried these guys out with a test order – Rookie – early last week. When
 I sent the email to order I received a reply within 5 hours with
payment instructions. I paid using BTC and within another 3 hours I
received tracking information. The order took 7 days to arrive via
Fedex. The packaging was a Fedex box and inside were 2 DVD’s and an
invoice for them totaling $22. When I opened the DVD’s there was cash
inside. I tested the bills using a pen and each bill passed. The bills
are VERY used but they are real.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
  FYI
 to our GBP buyers we have some high value orders to process which will
lower our inventory and may fully deplete it. We will know in the next
24 hours if those orders follow through.I get a lot of questions
 as to why I do not respond to each post…. Answer… It takes too much
time. When we were smaller that was easier to do, now not so much.
However let me address some questions:Is the USD, Euro, GBP
counterfeit. Again, this question should be easy to answer for yourself
if you have read our website. The answer is NO it is genuine currency
that can be used or deposited in the bank. Again, do not deposit more
than 10,000 into an account within a 24 hour period. In the USA I would
recommend it being less than $9,000 now. Too many people are depositing
$9,900 to avoid reporting. The best advice is to spend the cash if you
can. Stay away from banks and credit cards. They are evil entities
looking to drain you and your family. Get yourself on a cash budget.
That way what you spend your money on is your business.Another
popular question …. Is this real? Can you prove it? What do I need to do
 to order? First, how the fuck do we respond to the first two questions?
 Think about the logic in that for just a second. NOTHING can be proven
on the dark net. Period. Nothing. Reviews and comments are bullshit
anywhere. Anyone can post, Anywhere, Anytime. If you get false
confidence in people who you do not know telling you its ok. Then you
need to reassess yourself. Unfortunately, there are scams out there. Its
 the cost of doing business on the dark net. High Risk = High Reward. We
 are doing our best to track down people who clone our site through
convert measures in our code. However, it is not always 100%. Plus if
you find a site through a 3rd party advertiser on the clear net it is
most likely a fake or Law Enforcement setting a trap. Only use THW http://zqktlwi465r2mxfw.onion .
 Again being the darknet there are lots of scam THW but if you look you
will see reputable VPN providers who show this link as a starting point
for new users to the dark net. It is the ONLY 3rd party site we are on.Do
 not send us emails asking how do I order or what is the next step? Its a
 waste of time. The ordering directions are clear on the site. Follow
them and their will be no problems.Spend Wisely My FriendsAdminReplyDradis Hunter
  well
 said Admin. you offer an great service and it is easy if you follow the
 directions. i am not understanding all the nonsense that gets posted
get the money and the enjoy it. i would say use it as a tool. that is
all money is anyway. if you look at it any ohter way you being owned my
it.ReplyAnonnn
  Testing and waiting…ReplyGolden Nugget
    I just moved 10g’s through the casino with preshred and nothing happened.I love this place and love all the fucking preshred. If others are looking to spend it go to the casino with it.ReplyNATO
      Will DHL ship to my house or do I retrieve it at a location? The tracking numbers do not say only city. Replygear
        Found
 them here http://zqktlwi465r2mxfw.onion/ will give them a try since 0.1
 BTC is nothing compared to what I paid for them 1.5 years ago. Make me
rich Buy Real Money!!!!!ReplyFast!!!!!!
  I
 put my order. I got a response from Admin with payment instructions
this morning. Payment is on the way !!!!!! I hope I will have money by
tuesday or wendesday.ReplySticky
  Mom
 wants me to get a job i told her to mind her own fucking business. I
opened my box from Admin and threw the money on the bed of blew a load
all over it.	Anybody want some cash?Replynether
  ….and once again the children come out to play.ReplyAnonymous
    I think philthysnake has had some filthy cock up the ass.ReplyMark
      I
 love my country but I dont feel government has our best interests at
heart. I dont mind that Admin steals the cash. It was going to be
destroyed anyway.Replyluvgrlz
  I could give a shit about “my country” what has it done for me??ReplyPolPot
    Russians it is not Russia.. USA is the beast that is cause for problems. this site is very good to hurt USA and there money.ReplyAnonymous
      PhilthySnake
 you are probably one of those ass bags that sits being the computer a
jerks it till it hurts…. No real pussy for you.ReplyCun Tee
  All bitches want is money money money. I need this cash to my bitch happy.Replysmocikas
    Has anyone used it to buy gift cards to then use to pay for things?ReplyPutin
      What
 about Russian currency? The Russians fuck with all of us. Admin quit
screwing the US put your focus on the Russians. Im sure with your
contacts you could make it happen.ReplyCremeCup96
  Nice to see good service on the darkweb. Thank you Admin!ReplyMASTERDEMON
    I
 have ordered from Buy Real Money 3 times. I was REAL skeptical at first
but I am glad I did it. They do a good job packaging the cash. I would
have never known what was inside.Replylulali
  Well done Admin and team !!ReplyAnonymous
    Delivery day todayReplycallin
      Why are the euros not is bad condition like the usa money? Are the euros from the trading on the usa money?ReplyDradis Hunter
        I
 think people need to take a breather and relax. Its hard to find a
place that delivers a service like this. Just use it and enjoy it. I not
 understanding why their needs to be so much drama.ReplyFuck OMG
   Quit being a dick! Like your some expert on stolen cash?ReplyOMG
     This
 place has turned into the fucking Brady Bunch. People this place is for
 hard core criminals who need to move money around fast. Admin i wish
you would just focus on your regular customers because the noobs take
took much time and energy, plus they lower the inventory.ReplyPhilthySnake
  It is amazing how some people an be so blunt when they can hide behind their computers. Do you feel like a big boy now?ReplyTess
    5 DVD movies and 5 grand in pre-shred cash. It does not get any better.ReplySefe
      Can anybody tell me which email address is the real one? Many thanks.ReplyVexyeu
        Admin
 I kept buying bitcoin when it dropped in the low 6,000’s using the cash
 you shipped me. Now it has jumped in price. I have stopped my carding
business and now buy from you exclusively. I say to anyone waiting,
stop, and start ordering now. You can only get cash every couple of
weeks, but it adds up fast.ReplyBritishguy443
  Can I use these funds at the casino?Replyeavesdropper
    Please be aware of this site http://rcashonu5iq7kXXX	This is the clones one. Stay alert! They almost got me.ReplyNero
      Scam
 sites are doing that shit all the time. The best ones are like the one
you posted. They dont even bother to change the pictures or anything. It
 is clear as day that its fake. The onion address in the picture doesnt
match their website.	Its a good catch though.ReplyJay
  He’s right, be careful of the clone, they fucking got meReplywazzuphabibi
    Nice work Buy Real Money. I got cash and a free DVD. I think I will go ahead and microwave some popcorn.ReplyGhostSon
      I
 was one of the poor bastards that paid for overnight and it took 6
days. Admin I hope your “new” staff members are better than the last
crew. Your product is great but when I pay for overnight I expect
overnight.Replyanonymous
  testReplycwh
    Im just pass by here , and most of the comment are positive, i hope i will give it try soon !!ReplyChester copperpot
      Delivered. I ordered a grand they sent 1100 quid. I will be ordering again in 2 weeks.ReplySaloablo
        Sent an email out, how long does it usually take for them to get back to you?Replyspaceman
          I got a response within a few hours.ReplyAnonymous
            The
 DW is full of scumbags like you who steal from the gov or pollute our
streets with drugs. I hope you all die. QUit stealing our governments
moneyReplyeavesdropper
  testing… 112233ReplyTorBooobs
    I started trading BTC OTC using the preshred funds and its working out great!Replyfoog
      Guys I asked for all 20’s and less than half my order is 20’s. Whatever.ReplyFreedom 269
        Be
 careful there are clones of Buy Real Money out their and one of them
fucked me. I emailed Admin when I was told to use THW to get the real
link here. He was cool and hooked me up with some extra cash to cover
some of my loses.ReplyProfessor Noob
  Freedom 269 (Love the name BTW)THW
 (The Hidden Wiki) is a good source for legit DW links. There are others
 out their too, but THW is good starting point and it is well trusted
and respected in the community. Be careful on the DW. Admin was right
about not going to sites that advertise on the CW (Google, youtube,
etc). They are either scams or law enforcement. Another good way is ask
for a ridiculous amount of whatever they are selling. If they are
willing to sell you then its probably a scam. For example, I was told
about a site selling cheap molly. I told him I was a big dealer and
needed 10,000 pills overnight and I was willing to pay extra for the
delivery. No hesitation, the guy replies with payment info. I knew it
was bull shit.When I was first introduced to Admin I did the
same thing and asked for 1 million. Guess what? He told me no and told
the rules we all here over and over. I bought my first 10k and never
looked back. I buy ever 2-3 weeks. I would buy more, but like everyone
else, I am not allowed too.ReplyMoonspell
  Hi Buy Real Money,I orderd and waiting for a shipping information. I will write here, if everyting is running fine.ReplyG6
    Check this out brotha’sMy
 bitch dumped me for some fucker with a trendy haircut and jeans with a
logo on the pocket. I’m been pissed about it like a monkey with with a
pine-cone up its butt. I came to the darknet to post all the naked
pictures I have of her for revenge, isn’t there a website you can do
that? I couldnt find that website but I found Buy Real Money.I’ve
been ordering a lot of cash and living like a fucking rap star. So get
this brotha’s she comes back to me because everyone know’s I have tons
of money now. She wanted to get back together. fuck that I told her, I
told her that I have enough money to get a woman with a nice ass and
better tits than hers. Nice huh? I offered her $1,000 to let me fuck her
 one last time but she said no. bitch doesnt know what’s good for her.ReplyNed
   I’ve
 ordered alot of cash from Admin over the past few months. I really look
 up to the guy, he’s like the criminal father I never had. So I
submitted recordings of my classical piano music to him and he told me
to “fuck that, music is for retards and blind Negros” I thought Admin
was a class act, but I guess he’s just the guy to ask for Cash. Not
interested in the finer things in life.ReplyAlyaba
  Admin answered me in decent time THAT’S GREAT , Just paid this morning , waiting for tracking number, SO FKING EXCITED!ReplyPeaches
    Hello
 Buy Real Money! 🙂 I looove your website so much, you must be sooo strong
and capable… can I send you photos of my breasts in exchange for Euro:P CI’m planning a trip to France, I need more Euro! 🙂ReplyRJ
  i have a nice stiff cock and i would luv to jizz all over those nice tittiesReplyMandy
    Power
 in the home should come from love, kindness, and mutual respect. not
from violence. Thats how my mother and father did it and that’s how I
treat my husband and how we co-manage the home.I’m here because I need the money Buy Real Money provides, I dont like the dark net environment and the people it attracts.ReplyRJ
  and
 here we meet a real cold hearted cunt who i am sure would never give it
 up. you might want to go check up on your husband i think he is banging
 the baby sitterReplyFuck Bitches
   If
 you would ban dumb ass woman from this service it would go a hell of a
lot smoother. Women need to be in the kitchen and raising kids. Keep the
 DW business to us menReply359
   Buy Real Money is the single greatest thing I found on the internet. I got the
first money package through USPS on Friday. I will order more in a monthReplyChester Copperpot
  No
 idea why, but my last comment didn’t post, lets see if this one does!
Ordered on the 25th (only small 1k package to test the water) but
haven’t had any tracking or anything at all really. Just not sure how
this works with it being a first order ( of many to come ) from RC. This
 isn’t a negative post because it does say delivery 3-4 days and im in
the UK. Will post once it arrives or doesn’t. I’m just wanting to
receive my first order to see its legit, then onto the big bucks orders!CCReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
  Check your email. It should be Monday delivery.AdminReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
    We
 have made some “staffing” changes to improve on turnaround time. Plus,
we had a couple of dip shits who were taking cash for themselves.Also,
 if you are too timid to make an order and follow through then don’t
order. We are not taking pictures for you. If we did that for every
order that comes in we would never accomplish anything. For those of you
 who did get customized pictures, that will not be happening again. We
have too much business and this isn’t fucking Amazon.For those
of you who are new to the dark web, if you find advertising for a dark
net sight in a search engine like google, bing, yahoo, duckduckgo, etc
then most likely its bull shit. Save your money. Legit dark web vendors
largely do business by word of mouth and or have been vetted by long
time trusted dark web sites.AdminReplyFuppe
  Alright so i ordered just waiting for tracking info. if this works you will see me again.Replyone
    testReplyone
      testReplyJJ
        I have put my order in, Admin responded with decent time. I will review again once I receive (or don’t receive) my goods.ReplyMako
          How long to send 25 thousand us dollars to japan?ReplyTara
            test…..ReplyAnonymous
              Its about fucking time! You could have added some extra green since you made me wait!ReplyGameChanger

              Placed
 my first order yesterday and just waiting on my tracking info. Starting
 small to get some cash in, then will look to grow. I will update in
these comments 100% when it gets here.Replyavicii
  If this works it is the best site in the darknet.Hope everything goes well, already thinking about holding 10.000 € in my handsAdmin you’re the man!Replyavicii
    If this works it is the best site in the darknet!Hope everything worksReplyBasket Kase

    I am a regular customer here and now get regular shipments every month. It has changed my life.The
 real scammers are the government. Many countries used to be on the gold
 standard. Meaning for every dollar printed the government held one
dollar worth of gold in its reserve. Now the government doesn’t use that
 standard and they just print money with nothing backing it. A dollar
bill is worth a dollar only because the government says it is.Guys
like Buy Real Money are fucking around with their system. I am sure they
are going after them with everything they got with fake reviews and DOS
attacks etc. Of course they cant find them via tor so they do the next
best thing and try to scare people into not buying the pre shred cash.Look
 people the government has fucked us over and big banks and greedy
politicians have taken over by tweaking the system in their favor. The
team at Buy Real Money has evened the score and let us have our money back.
 The money belongs to the people. Plus, you could make much better use
of the money than your government.Just my two micro bits for what its worth.Replymario
  I have gotten scammed twice in the black market.I am a Life long Buy Real Money customer. They are for real.ReplyKiller Klown
    Buy Real Money was the first purchase I ever made on the dark web. I am glad I
did it. Of course that gave me the confidence to order other things from
 other vendors and I got screwed. Go figure.Buy Real Money has been fantastic. Keep up the fight Admin we need you!KKReplybobcat
   testReplylightning
     I will try this tomorrow, fingers crossedReplyAnonymousanyone had success?ReplyNinas Boy ToyA
 breath of fresh air for us would-be cyber entrepreneurs. If you’ve ever
 had even a twinge of interest in extra cash and breaking free of the
rat race, I highly recommend you order this product. Buy Real Money is very
 generous with their service. BRAVA, Buy Real Money. Outta the park!ReplyAlejandro
   Admin
	We use Buy Real Money to launder our bitcoin to cash. Its better than
using LBC and we get real cash in return. If you are involved in
“nontraditional” lines of business this is a excellent resource for your
 cash management.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
   UpdatesWe
 have updated our inventory across the board, which is a good thing
since we were running low. We have had another record week, for what
reason, I have no clue. We are getting a number of special requests for
low denominations for high level packages. We will do our best to fill
them but you may get higher denominated bills to fill the balance. We
only have a finite number of smaller bills. Plus we do not want to add
unnecessary volume to the packages.Again, for the millionth
time, read the directions before you order. If you dont follow the
directions we are not filling your order.There are some
ingenious methods of how people are using their pre shred cash. If you
care to share your methods please do. Thank you to The Banker and those
who have already done so. Remember, the only person who can change your
life is you! The possibilities are endless.Spend Wisely My FriendsAdminReplyThe Banker
  I
 love the service here. I started loaning out my preshreded cash to
people with a 20% fee and business is fantastic. I use the cash that
comes into the packages that why I never need to deposit it. I pay a
couple of guys to handle “enforcement’ for me. It has been a gold mine.ReplyNablus333
  Buy Real Money comes through again. Thx AdminReplyJeff Andrews
    I’m testing the comment section out. Going to make a buy soon.ReplySaiiint
      Chelsea arrived by post in a large package. 4 days to arrive to South London.Replysomerandomdude
        all these reviews seem pretty legit, might try the service when I have some bucks I can spendReplyLOLin
          This
 is one of the better sites on the dark web. The ordering process was
straight forward and delivery was prompt. My only complaint would be
with post ordering communication since it takes them a bit to respond.
The cash is good and spends as described.Replytedjetskeet
  Hey lil man Admin bro –I
 was short $500 on my $10,000 order. Everything was fucking awesome. Can
 you send me the rest? Please bro I need to eat and put clothes on my
back. Just sent you an email about itReplyGhosts
  I’m planning on buying from Buy Real Money, but I’m out of the US. Has anyone in South America received their money?Replydopeman
    Smokin another big fatty this eve.. thank you Admin!ReplyNigel
      Went
 to Best Buy and bought a 70 inch SUHD TV, Bose Home Theatre, and the
new Xbox One S. Paid all cash thanks to Buy Real Money . No problems. Clerk
 counted the cash, used a counterfeit pen, thanked me and told me to
have a nice day.	This is unreal !!!!!!!!ReplyGenny
  Advice
 to all men out there. Ya’ll wonder if you dick is big enough. As a
woman, and knowing lots of women I have this to say… Your penis size
does not matter. Women want a man with money. I know that sounds shallow
 but they want to know you can provide for them. Love fades really fast
if you have to eat rice and beans every night. Buy from Buy Real Money and
get yourself a woman.GennyReplyRicky Dz
  I
 just now paid for my overnight order.. Admin can you do like last time
and put instructions to leave it on the back porch? I wouldnt want my
stolen money to get stolen lolReplyxui
  Hallo,
 did you receive yoir package? If yes please advise me on how to use the
 shipping address if i wanna go anonymous all the wayReplyDarkNight
   If
 it seems to good to be true, it brobably is. That said, im to greedy
not to try haha. I will do it next payday ( in a week ) and then i will
lett you all know if i got it or not. If you dont hear anything from me,
 i did not get it.ReplyKelly
   OMG Admin Thank You !! Got our cash Friday. This will help a lot. Once we get our tax return I will buy again.Replykasapi
     hii just wanted to ask the people who bought euros, how many tests they pas?ReplyChester Copperpot
       testing the comments sectionReplyMarzavec
         The
 more I watch the news the more I realize that the entire political
system is a joke and we are the punchline. I am stocking up on cash now
because the stock market is about to take a giant dump. The markets hate
 chaos. I am going to keep taking advantage of your services here until I
 can retire.ReplyMorris
   Anyone
 know how to get my wife to stop calling me a pussy? I tell her “please
dont call me that, cant you see i’m crying?” but she just keeps yelling
and I cant stop crying.If I didnt get orders in the mail from Buy Real Money she would yell more.ReplyCheese
  TestReplyBunny
    Test 123Reply123man
      TestReplyThe one
        Waiting on tracking will see hope I did everything rightReplyThe Fellow Traveler
          I
 agree. Its all screwed up. I watch all the political things going on
and they are spending BIG money, trillions of dollars. I dont feel bad
either. What Buy Real Money is doing is just a drop in the bucket.ReplyAnonymous
  Read the comment about the reptilians.Hell yeah, if Buy Real Money is real, I don’t mind to order from him because his cash is made from the reptilians.I
 hate human beings because they are full of racists. You know how fucked
 up when you have no money and try to find a stable job but these
fucking racists human beings fuck your life up.Replymonster2
  got tracking informationnow waiting for moneyReplyBlzkH3mmer
    All
 governments are the same. Take our money, spend our money and fuck us
over every time. Yet, we vote them back into office each time because we
 a slaves to them. Replyglen

 Ordered
 semi-pro again. Service is great, communication is easy, the product
quality is ok and the optimized process is super simple. Hope they will
not get busted. Can't imagine a life without the Admins anymore.Raplyfighterjet
  How was the quality of the currency?ReplyAnonymous
    I
 Received my second shipment from Admin in Russia. Buy Real Money is the
best place on the dark web. I will do make additional orders soon.ReplyGOT FUCKED
  I
 was one of those that got scammed by one of the clones. They had a
facebook page. I should have know better that true criminals would not
be advertising or have a portal through facebook. Lesson learned.However
 Admin was a true gent and added the cash I lost when I ordered the
Semi-Pro. There are not many guys out there who would do that for their
customers, even when it was the customers fault for being stupid. Thanks
 Admin. I will recommend you to everyone I know.BTW….for those
of you out there dont believe reviews on reddit or anywhere else. They
are bullshit and it was how I got fucked in the first place.Reply7Rook
  Buy Real Money1 OF THE $100’s DID NOT GO THROUGH THE MACHINE ATM!IS SoMEONE GOING TO RESPOND TO ME???????????????1 OF THE $100’s DIDNT GO THROUGH AN ATM!!! I HAD TO GO INSIDE INTO THE BANK. VERY UPSET I WANT MORE CASH. BADReplytrucker666
    this
 is completely worth it in every way shape and form. After the first
package I am hooked and buy as much as I can every time. Buy Real Money
takes 2+ days to ship sometimes longer so buy as much as you can. I also
 think their going to get busted at some point. They also make you wait 1
 month to order again. Booooooo!ReplyThe Postman
   “Asian Mom: I caught Hong doing math with a calculator. Asian Dad: I HAVE NO SON!”I like your cash Admin just trying to lighten up this forum.Reply8D
     Well I have no idea why Admin and his team is doing this, but i’m getting real usd . Very WonderfulReplyRealist
       The
 politicians are put there to give you the idea you have freedom of
choice. You don’t. You have no choice. You have owners. They own you.
They own everything. They own all the important land, they own and
control the corporations that’ve long since bought and paid for, the
senate, the congress, the state houses, the city halls, they got the
judges in their back pocket, and they own all the big media companies so
 they control just about all of the news and the information you get to
hear. They got you by the balls. They spend billions of dollars every
year lobbying to get what they want. Well, we know what they want. They
want more for themselves and less for everybody else. But I’ll tell you
what they don’t want. They don’t want you ruining the economy by buying
stolen cash from “Buy Real Money”. This is real but buy at your own risk of
 disturbing the owners of this world.Replyhi
   awesome
 experience with Buy Real Money, did what I had to do and here we are 5
days and I have cash in my hand. Even during the busy week they really
nailed it. so far I plan to continue using this service provider again
and I trust it.ReplyAnonymous
  I
 am very interested in the product. How does it ship? I see some
pictures on the site of it in a notebook. Please answer asap customers
or Admin!	Thanks have a lovely day!Replytest
  testReplyPNasty69
    I
 am a US expat living in Mexico. I have done a few orders with Buy Real Money
 and shipping to Mexico was never an issue. I have a dollar
denominated account but I deposit the cash and had no issues.I dont believe Buy Real Money has pesos but you should have no problems exchanging the pre shred dollars for pesos at the bank.ReplyIt Works
  Admin
 the last order that came in was exactly as promised, I sent an email
but I also wanted to write this note. Thank you so so so so much.Replygetthis
  FYI got my package today ;) a new life begins @FJ try this mixer: https://coinmlxer.se/ReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
    UpdatesWe
 are finishing final shipments from over the weekend. There was a delay
and those of you impacted will be compensated for the extra time.
However all tracking numbers should be out. As you can imagine, we were
hit hard over the past few days with last minute orders for arrival by
Tuesday. Those in the USA have an extra day ( you know what I mean).Make
 sure you pay attention to your quote amount including the decimal and
the number of zeros. If you cant do that, do not order. You need to
understand basic math and follow directions.Prices may be going
up soon. We will not be announcing in advance when that will happen. Get
 your orders in as soon as possible if you want to take advantage of the
 lower rates. Once they increase we will not honor old pricing.Spend Wisely My FriendsAdminReplylucky
   Admin
 you told me i would get extra but I only got 7,150. I thought I was
going to get a full $1,000 exta? Can you send me another $500 please?
I’ll be your most loyal customer but send me more cash for free please.Replybl4d3
  ur fucking nasty… go back to hole you crawled out of..tell you mother your sorryReplydukeofshit
    I jerked off all over my moms face. can I have some $$$ReplyHamsy
      Dude I ordered a Semi-Pro and I am mising $80? Plus several of the 100’s are sticky. Clean your money better!ReplyFJ
        Does the BC mixer link work or is it just me?ReplyFJ
          Anybody have any guidance on why the BC mixer link is not functioning?ReplyFJ
            Did you get the package?Replyvoldemort13
              Thanks Admin Team! The cash is here JIT for the tax man.Replydumb
                testReplyhitagi
                  Mr.
 Admin good job on our most recent order to Hong Kong. Delivery was
prompt and your stealth packaging works. I will be ordering again soon.ReplyMrC
  I
 have a message from Admin with the tracking number. Wednesday is the
day!! This is my second order. I tested it out with $1000 with
overnight. The magazine with the cash inside showed up next day. Now I
bought the $45,000. This is almost a years salary coming on Tuesday. I
feel like a teenager with a new girlfriend.Replyhunt3r
  I have you on camera. You look so HOT Admin I’m rubbing one out to you right now… oh yeaaaa oh yaaaaaaReplySticky
    i
 took a suggestion from someone who posted here and I also started
loaning out the cash i get from Buy Real Money . Fucking brilliant !!Replyh1gh-j4ck
  Now
 days I just sit on my couch and watch TV. I pay cleaners to clean my
apartment. I order fast food for every meal. I literally don’t do a damn
 thing except eat, watch TV and sleep. Thank you Admin for helping me
get to the American Dream of doing nothing.ReplyOsama bin Laden
  Hey Admin my tracking says I should get my package tomorrow. What time man? I need it now!ReplyNed
    box came by post today with ten grand and they hide it professionallyReplyTroy
      AWESOME SERVICE!!! I CAN NOT SAY IT ENOUGH AWESOME SERVICE!!! THEY DELIVER WHEN OTHERS DO NOT!!Replygetthis
        Got my tracking number!!!! At first I was worried because my mail could not be delivered. Reason was my security settings.Happy Pappy
          Thank
 you Buy Real Money! My package arrived just in time for my Las Vegas trip.
 Now I have plenty of spending money. Fingers crossed I can turn 10k
into 100k !!!If you are unsure about Buy Real Money... Do it! I sat around for months I wish I started earlier. I know its scary but wow!ReplyEris
  Very happy my cash came today. I’m telling all my friends! Thank you so so much Admin!Replygetthis
    Ordered
 my first package on the 15th. Had issues with emails being returned
when I sent my transaction number which made me a bit nervous. However, I
 noticed that the java script has to be enabled for the proton mail to
work. This is disabled when on the highest security setting. I dropped
mine to safer or about the middle just long enough to send the message.
Think it went through now. For those of you that have problems with
emails timing out when sending, you might try this. Anyway,
looking forward to getting a tracking number the weekend slowed my
process. Also, when it is day here it is night there so I have to
account for time differences in working hours. Here is keeping my
fingers crossed that I will receive my order and then I will make a
bigger purchase.ReplyRustam
  I
 live in the Russian Federation. Buy Real Money is trusted. Got Euro
successfully.	Little thieves are hanged, but great ones escape.Replywindows-_-
  I
 use the cash to launder other peoples money. They give me their large
bills and I provide the change for a fee. These are people who cant go
to the “bank”.Thanks for the suggestion Admin! Its turned into a nice profitable business.Replygetthis
  I
 sent my information with tracking number through proton mail and they
keep coming back un-deliverable. You sent me a message and I responded
to that message but still unsure if you received my information. Please
confirm that you receive the transaction number and address.ReplyAnonymous
  I
 have yet to try Buy Real Money but the fact that i can post a review
without needing an order number is reassuring, i may try themReplyanonymous
  Fuck off Sean Keith. The government has taken enough of our money. Fucking aliens or not. This is quality cash.ReplyManAdmin
    Thanks guys, you’re great. I’ll do other business with youReplySpecial Agent Sean Keith - Federal Bureau of Investigation -- Financial Crimes Division

    My
 opposition and my plea for users to steer clear is rooted only in the
fact the website’s operators are reptilian and anti-human. They come
many light-years away from Earth and settle on our planet to cause
financial chaos and to destroy the human race.After careful
studying of our prior investigations, I can now say with great
confidence that the operators behind this website “Buy Real Money” were
accessory to the orchestraters of the 2008 depression. They knew about
it beforehand and assisted in the financial ruin. These website
operators are key players in the reptilian agenda, and while I wish to
capture them, these reptilian entities continue to elude us since the
beginning of mankind and my efforts would be futile. They possess
ability to “teleport” and various more other-worldly mechanisms and
tools to avoid detection.So while the Agency is aware that if we
 do have a lead on “Buy Real Money,” they will employ highly-advanced
reptilian technology and avoid detection.I want to stress to the
 website users, the money is real. Bank tellers and ATMs will accept it
as genuine cash. But you are buying it from reptilians and anti-human
entities who seek to destroy the world. Is free money worth selling your
 soul to the devil?Think about that for a minute.My name is Special Agent Sean and this is my advice.Replygetthis
   Placed first order and anxiously waiting.ReplySivox
     box came today. thxReplygamblingman
       Admin it has been a while but stopped in to say hi and let you know I turned a dime bag in eighty grand at the tables.Replydanny
         Stealing money from the swiss governement is not good and is bad.ReplyAnswerThisQuestion
           Is
 it possiable to setup an arrangement using your organization as a
payment processor. We instruct our clients to pay to your crypto address
 and you in tern send us the pre shreded cash? Could we include a code
word with each “order” so that you know the address to send the cash?We may have times we order more than $50k? What happens in that situation?ReplyWasKoZ
  I ordered the Semi-Pro and it arrived by UPS. I thought you were using Fedex?ReplyTS
    Buy Real Money! Theyre GREEEEEEEEEEEEAT !!!!!!!ReplyAce
      Testing: Ace: 12 April 2019Replygetthis
        If I request to have FedEx delivery is a signature required?Replydeadstorm
          You the man Admin !! I took your advice on moving the cash without raising any flags and I just bought my girl a new Kia.ReplyHoping this works
            So Admin… how do you keep track of the 1 month rule if you guys supposedly get rid of each transaction daily? I’m just curious.Replyterrybrown

            Fuck carding this is where the $$ is at. I made more $$$ in one shipment than I did all year carding.Replyanon
              testingReplyAnonymous
                Never got my tracking number. Cash arrived unannounced today which was not convenient for me.Admin get your shit together. You should have added extra for me.ReplyIcarus
                  Like others have commented here….my cash showed up inside DVD cases, but mine did not have any movies in themOtherwise delivered as promised!ReplyLIghtGodess
                    I can buy any shoes I want an my boyfriend can keep his big mouth shut.ReplyMcY D
                      took a trip to vegas with the cash and used it at the casino. It was easy no one said a word. Now I am up ten grand.Replydrupigs
                        I
 was really skeptical this was all bullshit but I did it anyway. I am
glad I went through it. After a couple of back and forth emails with
Admin I ordered the Semi-Pro. 6 days later it came in. There was an
extra $120 inside too which was a nice surprise.ReplyRater
  Admin if I suck you off can I get a mövenpick?Replytesting
    I’m ready to make my first order but I need some kinda proof first.Reply::1
      Fucking DHL delayed my shipment by one day. BOOOOO I hate DHL.ReplyManheimer
        I needed a car and used Buy Real Money to make it happen. I did my research before I did anything and it worked out.Here is what I learned:1. I bought the Semi-Pro ($6,650)2. Ask for large bills.3. Buy your car (used) at auction.4. Make sure the out the door price is less than $6,6505. Per IRS guidelines any transaction in cash $10,000 or higher has to be reported.6. I paid $5,700 for my car after fees and taxes.I
 know its not as glorious as to what some other people are doing here
but I did get a good deal. I paid $1000 to buy the Dime Bag and ended up
 with a car that’s worth about $7,000 if I sold it to a private seller.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
   Hello My FriendsLast
 week was very busy. Many orders from the USA looking for cash before
IRS deadline of 17 April. Lots of people asking for overnight. Needless
to say, shits been crazy around here. I am adjusting our volume levels
for USD to medium. If you are looking to buy and get your cash before 17
 April you need to order now! We will only fill orders on a first come
first served basis. If we do not respond to your order request it means
we can not fill it due to inventory. We expect more cash arriving in the
 next few days. When that happens I will get you know.We are
still getting order requests that do not include shipping addresses. We
had one dumb fuck yesterday that was upset that his package did not come
 overnight, but he never sent the address. We sent 4 emails. He changed
his email address. That is NOT our problem. You are responsible to make
sure you include all the proper information and are following our
ordering instructions. Its pretty simple, many people do it and get
their cash quickly. You can too, just follow the directions.Spend Wisely My FriendsAdminReplyWhisper Willow
  I work as a Bartender, it is very normal for me to get big wads of cash like what Admin sent me. I still love it though :)2
 weeks ago I had a guy tell me I was a failure of a woman because I
didnt want kids and its my job to stay home, have kids and clean. I also
 had a guy tell me “Once your done working here, you can come over to my
 place and do some real work” LOLReplyChip
   FUCK !!! I lost a hudge hand playing poker this eve. 10 grand down the toliet. Admin I need another shipment man.ReplyXOXOXO
     I LOVE U Admin! I DONT HAVE SYPHILIS ANYMORE! HAVE MY BABIES!ReplyMatilda

     Common Admin waive the 1 month rule. I need more cash. I spent it all already. You can make an exception cant you.At least let me do $2500 now, PLEASE !ReplyUSA
       fraudulent,
 Buy Real Money is stealing from the Swiss government. Do not buy stolen
money like this! Its not traceable but its not yours either.Honesty is the BEST policyReplyMarsha
  A
 family trip for a week to Disney cost us $9600. It would have taken us 4
 years to save enough to go. Buy Real Money helped make it happen in 2
weeks and it only cost me $900. My kids loved it.Thank you Admin and TeamReplyThePersonGuyMan
  Yet
 another dumbass who cant follow directions What….now you cant keep your
 criminal money laundering business going without Buy Real Money?US Dollars are for hard working Americans not worthless bastards..who dont know how to follow directions.ReplyCaptainSlapDatHoe
   6th shipment cleared. I am officially over the the quarter million mark!Replyforsakenone
     Admin,
 long time buyer here… why do people not read the fuckin site. You know
they dont when they ask stupid questions like is the money counterfeit
or not.You should make this a private club and not open to the public. I agree that not everyone deserves to have money.ReplysJ
  Greetings Sir AdminWill the GBP be counterfeit or genuine pound sterling?ReplyNoob$0
    I put in for Semi-Pro for next Tuesday. I cant wait to see him live.Replyjahoosha
      I have completed my first transaction with the Buy Real Money with a successful delivery to India. I am happy to make another deal.Replyfrankj831
        If you are too fucking nervous then stay out of the game. It makes for more room for the pros.Replypnooto783

        For
 my second order can we do a meetup? I was so nervous my first order was
 going to be stolen from my front door. Luckily I nothing happened and
the first order arrived but I cant go through all the anxiety again.	I
know its been less than a week but can I order again? Can we meet at the
 mall?ReplyChthuluZ
   Nothin like the site of some sweet green at my front door. you gents are #1ReplyElla
     I
 love this place so much. I quit my job and now I “trade” full time
using preshred as my income source. Its is the best job I ever had.ReplyFirst Delivery
  All good here!ReplyAnonymous
    This
 shit is off the hook! I threw the money at my fucking landlard and told
 him to fuck off.	It felt soooooooooooooooooooo gooooooooooooodReplyFamous Amos
   If you like mövenpick try the milka. TastyReplyNeuro
     Admin
 I followed your directions and I did get my tracking information. It
was easy. Once I get my cash this Friday I will follow up.ReplyAnonymous
  Spending my last cent on the pac. I don’t care about the money, I just need to know that there’s hope out there. Fuck the 1%.Replyb4790
    testingReplyTaxman
      I
 was in a real mess with uncle sam. The Semi-Pro came in today and my
tax trouble is history. Thank you. It feels good not to have to worry
about money.ReplyPikkon88
  Its nice everyone else got their shit on time. I had to wait for 7 days. But the cash is good.Replyhillbillyman
    My Candyman does not care what kind of condition the bills are. I get my candy every time.ReplyTubby2dice
      I got the Rookie and it arrived inside 2 DVDs. Now I own Ghostbusters and Ghostbusters 2. Though Ghostbusters 2 kind of sucks.Replymoige
        Why do we have to wait 1 month between orders? I want to load up!Replyshearstress
          My
 “Tax Refund” arrived today. I am very happy with my purchase here. I
will wait the required month before I place another order.Replyzeniafan111FEDEX delivered today! Fucking Amazing!ReplyAnonymous
  im
 a new expat to thailand….the ladies are perfect. i needed a new cash
source for “other” ventures and found this place. fast, clean bills,
excellent stealth everytimeReplyStarseeker
  Next
 order I am getting Euros, the CHF was worn and used and if I understand
 the operation here they do all the work and exchange it for Euro for
you and its new notes.Replyc0ala
  For my fellow mates down under, 11 days to arrive by post to QLD. Semi-Pro.ReplyAnonymous
    my friend gets dollar here and i want also how much to buy?Replygayman
      Has anyone ordered in Canada?ReplyDas99
        I
 am very happy with your shipment to Germany. Bills are authentic and
received as agreed. We will do more transactions. You are the best
source for money in Europe.ReplyNorris
  bang bang mothafuckas this green is sweet like tang.ReplyVenpass
    These
 guys are funny. I ordered very large package and they sent an old ass
suitcase full of cash inside the liner. I can use another suitcase. With
 my next order I am taking a vacation.Replyrolling_jack
   Thank you Admin. Easy ordering and on time delivery.	Happy EasterReplyten9ten
     I ordered $6,650 and I count $6,490?????? Why is $60 missing and I paid extra for overnight and it took 3 days.	AmateursReplyRoosevelt
       I got here through ahmia.fi, I truly hope you guys are legit!ReplyAnonymous

       It works at the poker tables tooReply???
         If you are buying money using tor why would you expect anyhandholding?ReplyTridentKiller
           I
 have been fucked by a few other sites and I had my doubts here. No
response after payment and no tracking number. Luckily it showed up
yesterday. It is exactly was they say it is, but communication could be a
 bit better. I will buy again but I wont expect any hand holding.Replymegusta
   Your bills are sooooooo much better than the stuff I get out of Peru. SUpernotes cant touch this stuff.ReplyLepta
     I
 think these people are stealing from the Swiss and I believe it is
controlled by China and DPRK. Stop stealing from the Swiss government.
We will bring you downReplygeraldo
  I played $100 slots with the money and the machines worked. $5000 goes damn fast!Replyitsjustme101
    DHL
 is a joke! They sent me an automated email that my delivery is going to
 be late!!! Out course they apologized. Now the tracking site says it
will arrive on Friday.You need to stop using DHL!ReplyEphilion
  my
 piece of shit job has zero benefits and i gotta have obamacare
insurance. use the cash to pay the premium. if you go to local
pharmacies you can pay your premium in cash up to $1k. the poor clerks
there could care less where the money come from.ReplyNaffets
  Since
 you exchange the CHF to get the USD, Euro or GBP is it safter for me to
 order USD, Euro or GBP and exchange the money back to CHF myself?ReplyPrincessExploit
   The
 process is fairly simple but too many people get greedy. Keeping
deposits under $10,000 and spread out will keep you safe. I paid off
$50,000 in credit card debt.ReplyEazY
  It really is!Replymaximgorky
    I have the order to Belgium with Silver Package. A real Euro and new billets.Replypacbtman
      Just
 emailed NewMoney hoping to get a reply soon so i can get some cash
sent to me this is just fucking amazing i’m lost for wordsReplyking
  Can you guys do shipping to Canada, and if so what is the approx. time?Replyjcooper
    This is the only site were I can purchase real quid and delivery within the UK is fast.ReplyMR welcome
      welcomeReplylordDark
        can some one load pic that we can see that you get your delivery …???Replydickhead!!!1!
          found you on various lists, came here from The Hidden Wiki: 4zkgktc6hjdmp6kw.onionReply100k Club

          Is there anyway to order more than $45,000?Replyhighhopes
            Ive
 been ordered the semi-pro package twice and now I ordered the master.
Kind of nervous but I trust these guys. Their legit even though there
are alot of scams online.Replyjiggly puff
  a frind of mine is using this service regulary, he told me about youReplyAnonymous
    A
 good mate says this place is legit. I ordered the silver set to arrive
by post tomorrow. It is my first order but if the quid is good I will
post and update.Reply5 hours
  came from ahmia.fiReplyEncrypchick
    no problems using the cash at the bank. it was placed into a counting machine and the banker asked no questions.Reply3dc4dfraak
      found you guys on the hidden wiki http://4zkgktc6hjdmp6kw.onion/ . will give you a try, because you verified on the list.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin Post
        ANNOUNCEMENT!Hello Girls and Fellas,We made profound changes to our site.From
 a six-package system, we switched to a three-package system. We also
have Bitcoin live exchange rates built in. These are updated every 24
hours.We made these changes because we've seen more difficulties
 with our clientele and as we get more and more monthly buyers, we
wanted to simplify the process for everyone. An order can now be made
with a single email. Read the steps below the packages. Everything is
explained there.For our permanent customers everything stays the same.Another
 important note: please make sure you are on the right page. Check the
URL in the header-image with the one in your browser address field.This comment will be pinned for some time at the top.One
 more request, do not spam us with your "test" comments. If you want to
see if we are "legit" then write a comment on how you came across our
service and see if it will get posted on here.AdminReplyfuckyou1
  is this legit?ReplyDazed
    Hey
 titsup I agree noobs do some stupid shit. Most have never visited onion
 land and have no idea what they are doing. I was reading in the paper
today some dumb ass posted info about how he bought stuff on the dark
net and posted it on youtube. Guess who showed up at his front door? You
 guessed it the friendly men in blue. Why people post anything about
dark net activities on the clear net is something I will never
understand. Google and other companies hand info off to the NSA and Feds
 all the time.ReplyPI Refuge
   The
 fact that the fucks in Washington are buying 31k DINNING TABLE for HUD,
 taking trips in planes that cost 25k per hour, this IS NOT STEALING,
THIS IS LIBERATING WHAT IS RIGHTFULLY OURS!!!Replyroyralr
  ordered from here, wanted to keep you guys updated - this legit.Replychucktesta
    Just testing if this really passes through so I can order in a few days...ReplyThe Weekend
      Do you guys deliver on the weekend? Is it possiable to do a meet up?ReplyAnonymous
        Damn right Cap Ho I did ordered $45k today. Im calling it my tax refund.ReplyCaptainSlapDatHoe
          TRUMP
 SUCKS !!! I voted for him. I thought he was going to clean shit up.
Nope he is just like the rest. He signed the fucking spending bill and
no one has read it and the Dems loaded it with bullshit.Looks
like all politicians are the same. Our national debt is going to keep
going up and no one is going to be able to pay it making our dollar
worthless. Unfortunately I need our toilet paper of a currency to pay
bills. So fuck Washington I getting my money. At least I can spend it
better than they can.Replykira793
  Admin
 thank you for working with me on the shipping man. You are truly first
class. Cash came today and it looks so good on my table. Can I post a
pic? People need to know about this place.ReplyLaunderMashen
  I am not familiar with Nigeria but the Euros are very good and receiving the product by post in Germany is never a problemReplyAde lawal
    Has an Nigerian gotten cash from these bros before?ReplyHMoonDaGod
      I
 just fucked my GF after taking her out on the town. I spent a ton of
money tonight but I will order more in about a week. Nobody said
anything when I paid using the preshreded cash, dinner, shopping, bottle
 service at the club, all paid in cash and no body cared.ReplyFate
   Talk
 about weird things meant to happen…. I am at home today with the flu
and was exploring the dark web and found your site. This will change my
life. All month I though about quitting my job because I hate it. I cant
 believe sites like this exist. I never been on tor before. It was so
easy. They sent me payment instructions and about an hour later I had
the tracking information. Tomorrow by noon $6,650 will be in my hand.
Just as long as I can keep myself off the toilet long enough to open the
 box.This is life changing. Thank you. I know its stolen but still thank you. The government needs to send us this refund.Replytony201
   dont shit yourself lolReplypetkovv
     easy process to ukraine for euro with receipt in 7 daysReplyPhienox37
       I
 used another site like this and they scammed me. They copied your site.
 Here I got the dough. Thanks. I should have used THW in the first place
 to find the real site.Replyvoldemort99
   I am missing $60 in my order. I not a a jew or anything but I would like the whole $6,650. Either way I will order again.Replyamigo
     Finally a onion site that works! I will put in my next order after the 2 weeks wait is over.Replymapandu17142
       Where can I exchange my dime bag order for CAD? Fedex delivered today and I need to convert it.ReplyAnonymousMarch 21, 2019 at 11:30 amwho in canada has ordered before?Replyctops.27March 21, 2019 at 9:40 amis the money supposed to smell like fish? the pre shredded cash is in decent condition but it does smell.ReplyZerocuntsMarch 21, 2019 at 3:39 amIm tired of giving money to bitches. All they do is leave you hanging and broke. I think Ill just jerk off its cheaper.ReplyThisIsTheWhyMarch 21, 2019 at 2:52 amDS go to the Chicken Ranch is woman are fantastic! The will suck and fuck until you are dry. (Both Energy & Money)ReplydarkSmugglerMarch 20, 2019 at 11:50 pmI am jetting off to the states in a couple weeks. Anyone know a good whore house outside vegas to visit?ReplyFerocious GoatMarch 20, 2019 at 9:18 pmThis poor man has to pay uncle sam too. I bought the Quarter Pounder using McD’s wifi. I thought that was funny.ReplymastrodonnoMarch 20, 2019 at 5:03 pmwhy is all the euro the new bills? I have silver package and all bills are new and very clean.ReplyCrypto tooMarch 20, 2019 at 3:18 pmCrypto
 Trader do you take your cash to the bank and deposit it? Just curious
as I want to do what you are doing and use the cash to cover some loses.ReplyCrypto TraderMarch 20, 2019 at 11:11 amVery nice. $10,000 came in as expected with fedex. I think me and fedex guy are going to be BFFReplyanonMarch 20, 2019 at 2:33 amwazzzz upppp!!!ReplyanonMarch 20, 2019 at 2:12 amwaz upppp!!!!ReplyanonMarch 20, 2019 at 2:08 amjust verifying that I can postReplyThat__GuyMarch 19, 2019 at 9:03 pmI
 bought some Sweet Green to pay my takes. Fucking IRS just wont stop
bleeding me blind. Fuck the IRS and they can choke on their own fucking
cash.Replyhackerjunior1March 19, 2019 at 1:38 pmSounds
 like you guys have found my out about my best kept secret on crypto
trading. These guys are great for covering loses. If you season the cash
 (leave it in a checking account for a couple months) you can open up a
trading account anywhere cryptos or otherwise. When you make gains you
are multiplying your gains. When it drops you can cover your own loses.
Its a sweet deal.ReplycryptokilledMarch 19, 2019 at 12:20 pmhoping this works out…crypto has crushed me lately tooReplyDarkSlave94March 19, 2019 at 5:49 amThats a good ideaReplyAnonymousMarch 19, 2019 at 1:26 amsame here…. cryptos have taken a dump i order a dime bag to get me straightReplySatisfaction001March 18, 2019 at 9:53 pmOnly 12 hours or so more to wait. Tracking info says it should get here before noon.I am going out of mind with excitement. I feel like I am getting ready to go on my first date when I was a teenager lolReplySatisfaction001March 19, 2019 at 4:01 pmCash is in hand. Thank you. Every dollar is accounted for. I cant believe it. The cash passes pen test too.Result: SATISFIEDReplyCrypto TraderMarch 18, 2019 at 3:44 pmI
 have cash coming on tuesday per fedex. I am going to be able to make up
 my loses in bitcoin with the discount you sell your cash for. I hope
you guys are around for a while if bitcoin keeps going down I am going
to need to make up the loses with the preshred cash.CTReplyDark LordMarch 18, 2019 at 9:31 amI
 have ordered here for a while now. The cash is good but now I am
getting used to it. The fun part for me is how they hide it. Each
delivery they hide the cash in something unique.Reply3Y3S33UMarch 18, 2019 at 3:58 amFINALLY FINALLY FINALLY OUT OF DEBT !!!!!!!ReplyAnonymousMarch 18, 2019 at 1:45 amjust checkingReplyghostlyx0March 17, 2019 at 6:39 pmPaid
 on Friday and got my tracking stuff too. I keep hitting refresh on the
screen to watch it go from stop to stop. Tuesday cant get here fast
enoughReplyyajer0biMarch 17, 2019 at 11:54 amGood service to Mexico. Dollars showed up with no complaints from customs. Money is hidden.ReplyBuhoMarch 16, 2019 at 11:01 pmAdminThanks
 for working with me on the certificates. Its a great idea. I dont know
if that is something you make public or not. So I wont go into detail.
But the service is outstanding. Now I have a nearly unlimited source to
sell my cash to and keep my wealth outside the eyes of the tax man.ReplyC-64March 16, 2019 at 4:03 pmI guess today is the day for deliveries. Got mine too. Cash looks good I cant believe the gov was going to destroy it.ReplyKid ChisMarch 16, 2019 at 1:22 pmVERY COOL! Delivered as promised. Thank you.ReplyBarrydedreiriMarch 16, 2019 at 7:58 amAre the euros also pre-shred cash or is it converted from pre-shred dollars to ordinary euros?Reply55666u123321March 16, 2019 at 5:28 amEuro package has been delivered. Professional wrapping and secure. Delivery to Germany.I will do buy from your site again soon.ReplyguardJuly 17, 2017 at 4:46 pmMy package may be the first of the year that’s been delivered in a “Cake” box. Never heard of that one before.ReplyPotato HeadJuly 19, 2017 at 12:58 pmYeah.
 they are pretty crazy. My first package came as a wrapped birthday
present with a Mr. Potato Head doll inside. I never knew you could stuff
 so much cash into a Mr. Potato Head before.ReplydoserMarch 16, 2019 at 2:36 amCOUNTERFEITERS
 BEWARE!!!! These guys are going to put you out of business. Its real
cash for a good price. I bet these guys are North Korean. I dont care
though. They deliver and thats all that matters to me. Im not into
politics that much.Replykht9328March 15, 2019 at 11:39 pmI
 thought I was buying really good counterfeit $10,000 worth. Fedex
dropped a box off this afternoon and there was a little over $10,000
inside. This is actually real cash. Is is safe for me to have isn’t this
 stolen money from the government?ReplyNeorageMarch 15, 2019 at 6:50 pmI did see your update Admin but is this soon the end of Buy Real Money becurse of the 96 100 USD notes no longer come in?How long will the 2003 100 USD notes keep coming in?Will you guys end this buisness any time by now?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostMarch 15, 2019 at 5:52 pmHey Guys/Gals here are a few updates…………………………………..People
 are starting to pay attention to the ordering rules. Thank you it helps
 keep shipments going out in a timely manner. However, we are seeing a
problem with people paying after their 24 hours quote expires.DO
 NOT PAY AFTER YOUR QUOTE HAS EXPIRED !!! Otherwise your payment will be
 lost! We are serious about this. If you pay after 24 hours your wallet
ID is not longer valid. We do not have access to it. It doesn’t matter
how much you beg and tell us… There is nothing we an do. If you feel
your 24 quote is nearly up, email us for a new quote. It is that simple !Also,
 our treasury contact has notified us that 96 series 100 USD bills are
no longer coming in. Most of these bills have been destroyed. Please do
not ask for 96 series 100’s USD. We an not accommodate the request. We
do however still see large amounts of 2003 series 100 USD bills. As of
this time they are not impacted.One more thing….. dont ask for 1’s and 5’s we dont use them as they are too small and take up too much space to fill orders.Spend Wisely My FriendsAdminReplyrevolvistMarch 14, 2019 at 3:02 pmNow I can run my e-business with the preshred cash. if you need to launder your funds these guys rock!ReplyxikanaMarch 14, 2019 at 11:25 amFinally
 received by post the silver package. Euro notes were placed inside a
childs toy. The package was damaged and the toy was broken however the
Euro was not exposed.ReplyrockyMarch 13, 2019 at 7:17 pmQuestion.
 I have a large tax bill I need to pay. The cash came in today – TY BTW –
 Does anyone have any experience using your preshred to pay off IRS
bills? Do they even care as long as I pay? I owe about 9 grand.Reply19USER92March 13, 2019 at 4:52 pmI
 made my first order. Judging by the reviews, they are honest guys. As
soon as I receive the parcel I will write under this nickname.ReplylolMarch 15, 2019 at 12:06 pmany newz?ReplyFRIEND BE INTERNATIONALMarch 13, 2019 at 11:35 amHi
 Admin and Ace please be cool with the volume of cargo because we can’t
following all packages is it to much, you guy do crazy everyday with the
 shipping partner.We do not even have times to open all the packages and take some for us, please reduce the shipping to every Monday.Thank youFBIReplynicklehead92March 13, 2019 at 12:47 pmNow that’s funny. It sounds like the FBI have been hiring Chinese nationals for cheap labor.ReplyFRIEND BE INTERNATIONALMarch 13, 2019 at 4:03 pmHow did you know we are Chinese ? hahahahaReplymoneyismylifeMarch 13, 2019 at 8:59 ami partied hard last night and woke up to banging on my door this morning…. it was the ups guy with my cash…i paid for overnight and it was 6 days.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostMarch 12, 2019 at 7:05 pmIf
 you are purchasing please make sure you read the “Our Methods” page as
well as all the directions on the ordering page. We are getting stupid
fucking emails asking questions you should already know. Do your
homework. You are buying real cash not counterfeit. We are going to stop
 processing orders that dont follow the instructions. We are too fucking
 busy to hold your hand.AdminReplyDilbertMarch 12, 2019 at 8:16 pmSorry I caused so much trouble Admin. I should have read the instructions. Thanks for making it rightReplyAnonymousMarch 12, 2019 at 10:24 pmsome people are such toolsReplythelastofusMarch 12, 2019 at 11:54 pmunfortunately Admin these are the same fucktards who get caught because they are slackersReplyMr.sMarch 13, 2019 at 4:51 amAdmin you should just ban people like that or not respond. The directions are very clear even for a 6 yoReplyOld JayMarch 14, 2019 at 7:42 pmHi
 Admin i ordered last week followed directions…my package came today.
Like you said follow the directions and it works. Its sooooooo simple.ReplygggMarch 15, 2019 at 4:51 pmThanks
 guys, your stuff is always the best, your prices always the best….I luv
 your options and your kindness when someone works with you like you
have worked with me you want to keep on coming back and keep on being a
customer. Thanks again for your variety.Reply99mimiMarch 12, 2019 at 12:21 pmSo insane .. waiting my first order then should i book the hooker or not yet ?Reply99millionsMarch 12, 2019 at 11:15 amcan i have a super yot ?ReplyrmzMarch 12, 2019 at 5:39 amEmerald package has arrived. Euros are the new series.ReplyblipblopMarch 11, 2019 at 8:58 pmCan I pay off loans and credit cards with this money?ReplyPhysicsProMarch 11, 2019 at 1:24 pmi
 am hearing from some sources that you guys are the real deal. finally
someone who delivers. I almost gave up on the whole dark web thing.I ordered the Dime Bag. I didnt order anything higher because I know for sure they at least send that.ReplyThankyouMarch 11, 2019 at 11:10 amAWSOME SERIVCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! :)))ReplyAnonymousMarch 10, 2019 at 6:25 pmHeyReplycoliaerMarch 10, 2019 at 6:07 pmfantasticReplyOctagonOfBabylonMarch 10, 2019 at 3:24 amI
 took a HUGE leap of faith on this one and bought 50k. I asked for all
100’s but they said they cant do it. They could do half 100’s and the
rest other bills.Lets see……….ReplySecryptMarch 8, 2019 at 6:17 pmfuck you Admin	I donated all the cash you sent me to charity.	fuck youReplySelMac01March 8, 2019 at 2:42 pmI
 don’t understand what is so hard about this. I got my 2nd order today
and its SHORT !!!!! $10k ordered and only $9840 inside. This is twice
now I did not get it allFuck YouReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostMarch 9, 2019 at 4:58 amSelMac01I did get your email and told me you had miscounted. Be the bigger man and let people know you dont know how to fucking count.ReplyJizzbaitMarch 8, 2019 at 6:34 ami
 see a lot of positive reviews on here but i’ve also noticed the
counterfeit vendors talk alot of shit about how bad Buy Real Money is. They
 say your buying stolen money, counterfeit isnt stolen from nobody….ReplyTinkerJuly 21, 2017 at 1:01 pmBullshit!!!
 I spent thousands in counterfeit before buying from here. Those fuckers
 are losing business to Ace and his team and they dont like it. Fuck
them! I can tell you from experience, now I do not sweat bullets when I
spend the cash like I did when I tried to unload counterfeit. I have
zero exposure with the real cash Buy Real Money!ReplyRotheimerMarch 9, 2019 at 1:23 amyou sound like a pretentious prickReply:)March 8, 2019 at 1:28 amYES….YES….YES… GIVE ME MOREReplyAnonymousMarch 7, 2019 at 8:22 pmExcellent, The cash spent easy and well. I’ve spent over 20k so far. No Issues!ReplyBruno MarsMarch 7, 2019 at 1:23 pmJust checking to see if this is realReplyCrazy DudeMarch 7, 2019 at 12:27 pmFinally got here… product was hidden in a toy.ReplyANinnyMouseMarch 7, 2019 at 11:54 ami am testing this myself to see if the comment will postReplyeasternerFebruary 27, 2019 at 8:48 amI will order if this comment goes through. 100% will order in a span of two weeks.ReplyDestinedMarch 7, 2019 at 5:02 amHow
 do you get in the program you dont advertise? I know about it and I
want in too. I can drop a name if that helps. I sent an email about it.ReplynarfMarch 7, 2019 at 2:47 amAny
 suggestions on how to keep dime bag orders secret? I want to make sure I
 dont alert the assholes at the IRS. I get the whole 10k thing but wont a
 large balance in an account also cause issues?ReplyKayzashyMarch 7, 2019 at 12:44 amThe whole 2 week order limit is kind of shitty. Why do I have to wait for 2 weeks after its delivered to order again?I need more money now!ReplyrichforeverMarch 6, 2019 at 9:06 pmIt was the easiest thousand bucks I ever made…CoolReplyLaunderMashenMarch 6, 2019 at 1:09 pmI
 was skeptical like others but I went ahead and used some profits from
our business and bought 10k with overnight. They came through though
communication was a bit slow.These guys can help me launder some profits and I am really happy about that. Its getting tough out there!ReplyAnonymousMarch 6, 2019 at 12:02 pmI looooovee Buy Real Money!! Always on time.ReplyJeffryMarch 6, 2019 at 4:10 amI can confirm GBP is real and good… Delivery by post this morning.ReplyAnonymousMarch 5, 2019 at 1:41 pmIt took about 12 hours for me to get tracking.Replybitlock3rMarch 5, 2019 at 12:10 pmPatiently waiting for tracking infoDeym cant even sleepReply3limesMarch 5, 2019 at 1:43 amThanks
 to you I spend my days alternating between getting drunk and high. I
have a big stash of the medical grade. Weeds revealed me to myself.ReplyWankerMarch 4, 2019 at 11:31 pmIs this real? If it’s real I’m in heaven.ReplyDMarch 4, 2019 at 2:28 pmJust emailed for The Henchman, £30 cheaper by paying with Monero!ReplyelectroboyMarch 4, 2019 at 1:34 pmI have a quarter pounder (no cheese) lol order and expected tomorrow.I will report in after it arrives.ReplyAnonymousMarch 4, 2019 at 11:02 amI
 ship to a UPS store box. That way I dont worry about it. I have also
read that people setup virtual office spaces with a physical address.I would suggest you dont order more than you dont mind getting stolen.ReplyLP85March 3, 2019 at 1:54 pmI
 worried about leaving all this money at my front door. My neighborhood
is full of people getting packages stolen off their front porch.Any recco’s on where to send packages of 10k and higher to make sure they are not stolen in transit or after delivery?TIAReplyCurious GeorgeMarch 3, 2019 at 4:16 amHey, these guys still operating?ReplySiscoMarch 3, 2019 at 10:05 amThey were as of early this week. I got my first order from these guys yesterday.Good luck and let me know how it goes.ReplyAnonymousMarch 3, 2019 at 2:44 amThis shit is real guys, its all over the deep net forums.ReplyStuttgartMarch 2, 2019 at 11:20 pmIch habe das 5000 Euro-Paket gekauft. Sie haben das Paket per DHL nach Hamburg geschickt. Es war gutes GeldReplyAnonymousMarch 2, 2019 at 2:50 pmooooohhhhhh
 snap! I got the $5,000 package in the mail so I took out my bro’s to
HOOTERS! The waitress was some bitch with B cup breasts. I wrote on the
receipt that I would let her suck my dick for $50 and I left my phone
number. But the bitch hasnt texted me yet. Now that I have money those
Hooters bitches need to learn their fucking place. I’m going back with
my boys later this week. I’m a man now and I’m gonna own that restruant!
 Real men go to fucking hooters to see the boobiesReplyAnonymousMarch 2, 2019 at 7:59 amBlaze it Up thank you for darkening the forums. Get a job and tell the rest of your people to stop looking for handoutsReplyBlaze it upMarch 2, 2019 at 3:34 amda da da da daaaa it’s tha motha fuckin’ D O double G (Snoop dogg) da da da da daaaa You know im mobbin’ with the D.R.ETHX for the green backs my nigga’s! I’m a slashing cop Killa! I eat pussy like a thrilla! I’m be writing my own rap Forrilla!Replyhot lonnieMarch 1, 2019 at 11:15 pmMy
 sister buyed from you gay crimenels! she got a bunch of cash from a
package and then she took the cash and spent it on some stupid handbag
with stupid symbols on it. wat a fuking waste! she show me ur site, niceReplypacweepMarch 1, 2019 at 3:01 amI’m giving this service a shot. Order placed.Replyanon12345February 28, 2019 at 8:27 pmIs this real?ReplyNATOFebruary 28, 2019 at 5:49 pmGive me more Euro plz…. Excellent Service!Replystank stickFebruary 28, 2019 at 1:43 amyou
 guys are the best… I broke up with my GF and was feeling a bit down.
Let me tell u $5k can make you feel a lot better… I fucked 3 really hot
whores with and still had cash left over for some kickin shrooms.	It was
 the best night of my life…you guys rock.	Buy Real Money yeah!Reply2PacFebruary 27, 2019 at 2:27 amI am hungry for some Milka!ReplyfrankFebruary 26, 2019 at 9:13 pmthe Euro is fine. It’s normal Euro, not counterfeit. Thats what I was worried about.ReplyANONFebruary 26, 2019 at 8:55 pm123ReplynerdFebruary 26, 2019 at 1:29 pmpaid last friday got the money today overnighted. since then i got drunk and dont remember very much. :/ReplyGermanyFebruary 25, 2019 at 3:05 pmThis
 is 100% LEGIT!!! I paid and I get money in the fucking mail! Stay away
from the Credit card company and just buy this shit!!!ReplyEuroGrlFebruary 25, 2019 at 9:51 ami received the cooper package in 4 days to germany. real euro currency including new series.ReplyhorseFebruary 25, 2019 at 2:04 amtest	fudge horseReplyprotonmanloverbakerFebruary 24, 2019 at 11:50 amI
 had to use a knife to get into the package, it was difficult. But it is
 OK. The Cash is good quality. deposited into ATM and stores accept it
no problemReplybuildFebruary 23, 2019 at 3:16 pmI
 bought $10,000 in cash, after it arrived I got 2 hookers and a bunch of
 cocaine. The hookers were worn out looking and boring. The cocaine just
 ended up making me hate myself. Tonight I bought a bunch of jack
Daniels and I’m going to drink away my problems. Dont make my same
mistakes with the money. Spend your money on building your lifeReplyAnonymousFebruary 23, 2019 at 8:47 amswa waarom moet je zo kaolo nep gaan doen mimangReplyFrenchmanFebruary 22, 2019 at 4:50 pmI
 ordered 10000 Euro two weeks ago, but I am now placing another order.
So it’s safe to say that is the real deal. At least for me. So you can
except something in return. Loyalty.ReplyAnonymousFebruary 22, 2019 at 2:22 pmy u so slow to respond man?	I need to get another pack!ReplyfFebruary 22, 2019 at 7:40 amYoo,
	This shit is slick asfuck after i got the money i tried to order more
but he fuckin said i have to wait 1 full month before i can order more.
but how many days has passed? A FUCKIN WHOLE WEEK and this guy still
wont let me place another order.Replydime stackFebruary 19, 2019 at 9:43 amI want to butt fuck you mother fucker.ReplyAnonymousFebruary 22, 2019 at 9:00 ambut why?ReplySebastiánFebruary 18, 2019 at 9:37 pmGasto mucho dinero en cosas que no necesito. Es bueno tener dineroReplyfree riderFebruary 20, 2019 at 3:00 pmHi
 Admin,	I know you probably wont but I got 3 orders already I’ve ordered
 alot. But now I dont have any money at all I spent it all. Can you send
 me $10-20,000 for free? I’m just a man in need I could sure use alot of
 money for free.ReplyfrazFebruary 20, 2019 at 3:03 pmi got my money. i paid less than a week ago and just got it. pretty nice now i need moreReplyDaveJrFebruary 17, 2019 at 9:16 pmI
 go to a technical college paid 4 with this cash. So I like this girl I
go to school with. I decided she would like me if I protected her. So I
started secretly following her home, watching her run in the park, and
following her to the grocery store. Then if she got in trouble I could
save the day. But the bitch noticed and said I was creepy! All those
hours of protection and that’s what I get. I know – such a bitch right?
So I decided to be a hero and protect her by watching her while she
sleeps from her bedroom window. But this bitch called the cops on me!
Money doesnt solve all lifes problems, you’ll still find bitches like
this one. This story will have a happy ending though, I’m going to show
her my dick while we’re waiting for the class to start. I would love to
see boobs, so she would love to see dick. it’s going to be greatReplyAnonymousFebruary 16, 2019 at 11:18 amWho’s watching Olympic Curling here? Anyone? Just playing my 2nd orderReplyAmericaJoeBobFebruary 15, 2019 at 10:28 amLet
 me tell you bout my uncle – If his brains were leather, he wouldn’t
have enough to saddle a June bug. When this cash comes in we’re both
happier than a tornado in a trailer park. Cunt make it withot it.Replygirlp0llyFebruary 15, 2019 at 3:19 amThis was the best decision I EVER MADE !!!Thank youReplyaerosmtihFebruary 11, 2019 at 11:20 amAdminUpdates on inventory? I need to get another order in. Can we order again even if its within 2 weeks of my last order?Reply$$$$$$February 11, 2019 at 8:49 amI think there is supernotes that look better and in better condition than the pre-shred cash.In all fairness I have only tried the rookie package here.ReplyAnonymousFebruary 11, 2019 at 2:34 amA
 friend of mine ordered and i was waiting to order until his came. It
arrived Friday and he came over to open it together. I wanted to see it
for myself.The package was in a USPS box. I was expecting to see
 Fedex but whatever…… Inside was 5 dvd movies.. I read other got these
too… All the movie were wrapped in plastic and looked new…. each dvd had
 about a $1000 mixed bills.The cash is beat up like others have commented on but very spendable.I just put my order in for the professional now that I know its legit and I will actually get something.I will report back when I get my order.ReplyKingsxtremeFebruary 10, 2019 at 10:45 pmWhats the word on Inventory?ReplyAnonymousFebruary 10, 2019 at 5:27 pmJust received my order today. On time, exactly as ordered. Thanks.ReplyRyanFebruary 10, 2019 at 4:13 pmI will be ordering this week and will post a review.ReplyBrionnaFebruary 14, 2019 at 7:14 pmHey how did everything work out?ReplyphamFebruary 10, 2019 at 2:24 pmwhy not to sell to vietnam now? I was good customer I need more dollars.ReplyfishermanFebruary 10, 2019 at 9:48 amUnsureI
 had the same problem I bought from cash lords and they ripped me off.
there are also Buy Real Money clones out there too. I used the hidden wiki
and bought here.They deliver and the cash is real. No counterfeit. That makes my life a hell of a lot easier.ReplyUnsureFebruary 10, 2019 at 3:27 amJust testing my comment. I really want to order, but with all the clone websites it’s hard to tell which is real or not.ReplykarterFebruary 9, 2019 at 5:09 pmi was cheap and got the rokie… now i want to do the master. then i tell my boss i am the masterReplyHank ScorpioFebruary 9, 2019 at 9:26 amMy neighbor says you guys deliver the good. Is this true? He showed me $10,000 he sent came from you.How do I order?ReplyWinterFebruary 8, 2019 at 10:25 amIt works!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Thank you :)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))ReplyKingsxtremeFebruary 8, 2019 at 12:08 pmWhat package did you get?Replygreen.g0dFebruary 8, 2019 at 1:08 ami tested every bill twice just in case….they all passniceReplyEDminNNFebruary 8, 2019 at 6:42 amhey what did you use to check the money?ReplyThe_Mad_ScientistFebruary 7, 2019 at 10:08 pmYeah I just today got my master package too. It took 8 days from the day I paid.Maybe the inventory issue is slowing them down. Now I dont care. I got my cash.ReplyM13February 7, 2019 at 10:20 amSLOW AS SHIT……….. 3 DAYS FOR AN OVERNIGHT ORDERNOT ACCEPTABLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ReplyDataZeroFebruary 8, 2019 at 8:43 pmHang in there. Mine took 6 days to be delivered but i didnt do the overnight option.ReplyDoctor WhoFebruary 6, 2019 at 8:19 pmMateI have been buying from Leeds since last year. Only 20’s but I have heard others received different notes.ReplyLizFebruary 7, 2019 at 6:29 pmI purchased 5 grand before they are outReplynewbieFebruary 6, 2019 at 7:52 pmHey
 just wondering on legitness because theres other similar sights and a
bit skeptical because it seems so good, and also do u send the new uk
notes or will it just be old 20sthanksReplyDuzzmanFebruary 6, 2019 at 3:01 pmNot
 to rub it in or anything but now I am the “Master” 50 grand. This is
more many than I have ever seen. Ill admit I was shitting my pants
waiting for this.BTW…. my cash came inside a small suitcase. It
was a new suitcase with tags and everything on it from Amazon. At least
it looks like it was from Amazon.First class dudes!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostFebruary 6, 2019 at 10:41 amGreetings Guys & GalsFor
 the fucking complainers out of Asia stop your bitching. Shit happens.
We are working on a shipping solution. As soon as we have it I will
announce it.As for inventory…….. we are seeing a ton of orders
coming in from around the world as bitcoin and other currencies drop in
value. Consequently, inventory on all currencies has dropped
significantly. GBP is extremely low and we may stop selling it very
soon.If order volume continues to be high we may start denying
orders. We will only fill orders we can ship. If you email and order and
 you receive a quote then you are good. However, if you are not sure if
you want to order we ask you do not ask for a quote unless you are
buying. This way others who really need the cash can get their orders
processed. Its the only way we can do it.If you are serious
about ordering then get your orders in NOW. We can not guarantee how
long we will have enough supply. Please don’t beg and plead for us to
fill your order if you miss out.DO NOT BE LEFT BEHIND! ORDER NOWSpend Wisely My FriendsAdminReplylivaisFebruary 6, 2019 at 3:21 pmhallo Admin are you still shipping to Gemany?ReplyDeezNutsFebruary 7, 2019 at 8:26 pmAdmin get dat cash man! I need it! Not getten a job!ReplyAbsintheFebruary 6, 2019 at 9:05 amAdmin whats the story on inventory????????????????????I see it went way downReplyPlutonFebruary 6, 2019 at 7:39 amIs it still safe to make a deposit? I still have $11000 to use.ReplyHerojack94February 6, 2019 at 5:51 amJC
 more good points. Govs are fucking with everything. I thought for sure
bitcoin was going to be truly independent of govs policy. Oh well….. so
much for that.ReplyThePersonGuyManFebruary 6, 2019 at 2:24 amYet another chink whiner complaining. What….now you cant keep your criminal money laudering business going without Buy Real Money?US Dollars are for hard working Americans not worthless chink bastards living in some jungle in Asia.ReplywaruiFebruary 6, 2019 at 1:21 amAdminThis
 is not acceptable!!! I have purchased Elite Program benefits for USD
delivery every two weeks. You need to have another contact in Thailand
to resume payments.It is not my problem so I should not be without my regular shipments.ReplytopMAteFebruary 5, 2019 at 9:18 pmExcellent service to the UK. The Pound Sterling are legit notes including the new series.ReplyJohnny CageFebruary 5, 2019 at 7:47 pmAs
 you can see the deep state is working its magic once again. Crypto
prices are dropping for one reason only. To stop North Korea. The only
way to keep North Korea out of the crypto game was to kill the values.
As always the rest of us get caught up as “Casualties of War”The
 fundamentals of bitcoin remain the same. There is only 21 million ever
to be created. Plus all the small players are jumping out providing an
excellent buy opportunity.Thats my 2 micro bits.JCReplyMc DFebruary 5, 2019 at 1:46 pmmy order finally came in today. I ordered on 31 Jan. Not the 3-5 days I was told but i got it.ReplyWebbFebruary 6, 2019 at 2:26 pmI placed an oder on the 29th still waiting for itReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostFebruary 5, 2019 at 9:41 amUnfortunately
 we have had to suspend deliveries to south east asia. Our contact their
 has decided to retire from the business. Due to customs processes in
Vietnam and Thailand we can not use regular shipping processes.We
 will make an announcement when we have an alternate solution available.
 For those of you in the EP program in those countries you regular
shipments will not take place until we have a solution.All other shipments and countries are not effected my this.AdminReplyPunjabiFebruary 5, 2019 at 1:41 amMy
 friends told me I was stupid for buying and now I rub it their face
$5000 in cash and now they want me to buy for them. They are pussys and
afraid to do it themselves.ReplybankokluverFebruary 4, 2019 at 10:09 pmMr.
 Admin are you still shipping to Thailand and Vietnam? I was told there
is no more shipments due to customs issues is this true?ReplyAziraphelFebruary 4, 2019 at 4:34 pmI was ripped off !!!!!! My cash didnt come with any drugs. Since when have they been adding extra. I want it too.ReplyjustanotheruSErFebruary 4, 2019 at 2:01 pmI think they have drugs on the money. I had $5,000 with cocaine all over it. At least I think it was cocaine.Replynick diazFebruary 4, 2019 at 11:05 amAny chance you do same day delivery?Replynick diazFebruary 4, 2019 at 10:53 amIf only I found out about you guys earlier. I wanted to put ten grand on the Eagles.ReplyTötFebruary 4, 2019 at 3:13 amWe buy euro notes from SW and get them in Germany. We buy 50.000 and will buy more soon.ReplyMS-13February 3, 2019 at 10:04 pmIts legit. The package came in yesterday evening. $10,000 USD inside 10 DVDs.ReplyMarshaFebruary 3, 2019 at 5:50 pmA
 family trip for a week to Disney cost us $9600. It would have taken us 4
 years to save enough to go. Buy Real Money helped make it happen in 2
weeks and it only cost me $1250. My kids loved it.	Thank you Admin and
TeamReplyCrazyJFebruary 3, 2019 at 3:31 pmI bought $25,000 and asked for 20’s and 100’s. I am ready to tell my boss to fuck off.Replyswok1965February 3, 2019 at 6:41 amWeed
 isnt legal in my state and I buy in cash of course. I buy enough cash
here to buy my drugs and thats it. I like going to work. My job is easy.Replyc0alaFebruary 3, 2019 at 4:35 amEurope is bad too. They want to replace paper currency for digital. We have no freedoms.ReplyAziraphelFebruary 3, 2019 at 2:40 amThose
 are good points…. Its best to use cash as much as you can but it is
getting harder to do it Government was to track you as much as they can
so they can tax the shit out of you.ReplyChrisFebruary 2, 2019 at 11:06 pmDelivered today.. Fedex left at the door. Old cash but real 20’s,50’s,10’s total was $5020.ReplyFordFebruary 2, 2019 at 5:15 pmI
 missed the bitcoin run. It sucks. I bought bitcoin to buy a master
package but I was too afraid to do it. Now I wish I did. With the
bitcoin I have I can only afford a free agent now. I feel like its too
late.ReplySteve JobsFebruary 2, 2019 at 12:58 pmI am clearning my bitcoin losses here to. You guys need to change more. Haha JK.ReplyEmarFebruary 2, 2019 at 10:54 amI LOVE FRIDAY DELIVERIESReplyMuki32February 2, 2019 at 1:19 amI
 ONLY use cash. I would not risk making a deposit at all. I have no debt
 and if I want to make payments for bills I pay at the office or kiosk
if the company has that option. For example power, cable, water. For
cell I pay in cash at the store.ReplyCivilizedJohnnyFebruary 1, 2019 at 10:59 amI lost my ass in bitcoin but getting this cash covered my losses and then some.ReplyCaptainSlapDatHoeFebruary 1, 2019 at 7:33 amChase
 does not allow you to pay your credit card in cash at a branch which is
 real bullshit. Now I am trying to figure out how to pay off my $11,000
balance.	Any suggestions?ReplyAnonymousFebruary 2, 2019 at 9:57 pmuse
 the cash to buy prepaid debit card most grocery stores have them and
they have a max of $5K you can load to them per month . get 3 cards load
 them and pay the bill .ReplyCHFebruary 1, 2019 at 2:56 amok, placed my first order. waiting for tracking info.ReplyrezokFebruary 1, 2019 at 11:46 pmas a rookie placed first order for a rookie pack,waiting for tracking tooReplyr0bert1337January 31, 2019 at 7:24 pmi did not believe until the money came to my house. that was 3 orders ago. do not stop.ReplysJJanuary 31, 2019 at 1:57 pmI
 thought the Euro was counterfeit but they are REAL currency. I was
buying counterfeit from the marketplace but I will use you insteadReplyCappinKirkJanuary 31, 2019 at 10:07 am$10,000 ordered and I gt my tracking. Friday is the big day. Ill keep you posted.ReplyMarshallJanuary 31, 2019 at 3:03 amI can say the GBP are quality.ReplyNonexsistJanuary 30, 2019 at 9:52 pmPlaced my First order just waitingReplyFongJanuary 30, 2019 at 9:00 pmIs
 it true that you are no sending money to south east asia? I am hearing
your contact there is no longer working with you. True?ReplyGraceJanuary 30, 2019 at 6:12 pmYou are the best Admin thank you for the $2700. I was so excited to get a little extraReplyKell$January 30, 2019 at 4:08 pmwho yall got for the Super bowlReplyDreiJanuary 30, 2019 at 2:20 pmDog this is the real deal yo… $2500 of old ass money.ReplyWishingIamDeadJanuary 30, 2019 at 11:16 amits a>bout fucking time a darknet vendor who delivers.ReplyCreamybadgerJanuary 30, 2019 at 3:26 amIf we are spending money that was marked to be destroyed thats not stealing is it?ReplysnookieJanuary 29, 2019 at 6:19 pmI tried using the ATM but the bills were in poor condition and would not go through. I went inside they took the deposit.ReplymetronicJanuary 29, 2019 at 4:41 pmslow service but good productReplyrigel5665January 29, 2019 at 10:05 amNow
 I understand why people say money is not the answer to everything.
Since getting the preshred I quit my job and sit at home. I smoke a TON
of weed and watch netflix and porn.Now Im bored. Careful what you wish for.ReplyMichelscanJanuary 29, 2019 at 6:29 amI have ever seen a review out of Europe ..so i ordered rookie package out of Europe specify to Africaso i hope it will come fast as they say ( 3- 5 ) work daywaiting my review …as usual spend wiselyReplyAnonJanuary 29, 2019 at 1:23 amI received my money!!ReplyDirty BirdyJanuary 28, 2019 at 7:26 pmMy
 cash is pretty beat up and some of it has dried blood or something on
it. Its beat to shit I can see why the federal reserve is getting rid of
 it. But money is money it all spends the same. I wish I would have
gotten some of the newer bills others were getting thats all.ReplymerlinaJanuary 28, 2019 at 10:51 amWhat is the fascination with bodily functions? Boys. You never see a post about some bloody tampon do you?Stop with all the immaturity and grow up. You’re never getting laid acting like that.ReplyAsvancedBeing1111January 28, 2019 at 5:43 amI
 will be doing some exchanges within 2 weeks. Emailed SW to verify good
comm. Waiting for reply. Question from 1-10 rating should I tumble my
coins. I would think the purchaser could do it.The Best Things in life are FreeReplyPeaceFreakJanuary 28, 2019 at 3:33 amAnybody used this money to buy gift cards? Im thinking it could be a good way to wash the preshredded money and reduce the risk.ReplyQanon2019January 28, 2019 at 12:22 pmThe
 best thing you can do if you comprehend this is not about money. This
is about shutting the Federal Reserve down. I will reinvest right back
into crypto. Do you see that there can only be a certain amount of cash
throughout if you know anything about supply and demand you will
understand this group of patriots are not on a main objective to gain
monetary paper that of which is right now worthless. This will give
everyone a chance to build this money and spend like a normal person
just spend at least 2 times but not more than 4 of what you normally do.
 Destabilize the Jesuit private bank we call Federal Reserve. I cant
tell who else it may be or related and controlled by money is a tool
that is obsolete. Bitcoin will along with other crypto gain control over
 the amendment in the executive order has completed its plan. Which
paraphrasing is that any enemy of this country Rotschild, Bilderburg,
Clinton, Podesta Seth’s murderer by hiring his ms 13 then the rogue ops
killed. Breaking the system 1 day at a timeReplySHADOWHUNTERXJanuary 28, 2019 at 1:14 amStep 1 of my financial plan complete – $10,000 OrderedWaiting on TrackingReplyhiddensnakefartJanuary 27, 2019 at 10:44 pmHey Im the only one who gets to do fart jokes here.ReplyserdarwebJanuary 27, 2019 at 6:39 pmsmell that….. I fartedReplyjonJanuary 27, 2019 at 12:54 pmIs this real plz comment I really need the money and would seriously hate to lose outReplyReBelJanuary 28, 2019 at 2:23 amMy
 experience with these guys has been good for the most part. Its not
perfect but it does work. I sell weed and other “Party Favors”. I have
been doing it for years. Like other businesses I went digital and I only
 take bitcoin and monero. I use these guys to cash my bitcoin out.
Before that I sold it on LBC. But the return I get here is the best.
Plus bitcoin can go up and down all it likes. I am not concerned. I set
up a company and have cash deposits all the time. No problems at the
bank either.I do disagree with their website. They say its
“Safe”. Nothing is 100% safe. In the end its stolen money any way you
look at it. Just be smart and you will be fine.One more thing.
They dont always ship overnight when you order overnight and sometimes
you will get less money than you ordered but other times they send more.
 IDK why maybe they can answer that. Good luck getting random questions
answered. They are not real good a quick communication.ReBelReplySaiiintJanuary 28, 2019 at 9:05 amI
 tried them jon. I needed money to. My ex wife has taken everything and
the court is stealing over half my check. The cash from here is nice.
nobody knows I have it.ReplyRondo ReeseJanuary 27, 2019 at 12:29 pmI see all the good reviews on this website hopefully ill get my cash to when i order!!!!ReplyBankerJanuary 27, 2019 at 9:19 amNo
 one answered me earlier and I am impatient. I went to the bank and made
 the deposit. It was like any other time going to the bank. No problems.I feel much better about pre-shred. But I agree with Taint it helps if questions get answered on the forum from Admin.ReplyTaintJanuary 27, 2019 at 2:19 amIt sure would be helpful if the admin here answered questions that are posted.Replyblackdarkness666January 26, 2019 at 10:48 pmNow
 im a bit pissed. I bought the rookie and it came as promised. I wish i
bought something larger but I wasnt sure if this was a scam or not.I will wait 2 weeks and get the master. Can I order in today and you mail it out 2 weeks from now?ReplyTrevorJanuary 26, 2019 at 5:55 pmJust waiting on the tracking now and got my camera ready for when it arrives for the picsReplyLinusJanuary 26, 2019 at 1:45 pmAdmin
 check your email. I just send you video you have to post. I was fucking
 this bitch and blew a hot load all over her face. I should get some
discount for thatReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJanuary 26, 2019 at 11:45 amWe
 are starting to get some good photos of packages received. Also a big
FUCK YOU to the dipshit who keeps sending us photos of his tiny dick. We
 are not interested.Only send photos not video plus take out the metadata as well. We dont what to know your real information.Spend Wisely My FriendsAdminReplyWMSJanuary 26, 2019 at 11:27 amI am trying it £10,000 ordered.ReplyJohnny CageJanuary 26, 2019 at 7:26 amcompletely real, they take your BTC and send you cash in the mail.I verify this is the real thing.ReplyAnonymousJanuary 26, 2019 at 4:02 amso this is not a scam? The cash is legit?ReplysnottyJanuary 26, 2019 at 1:31 amWaz up bitches! Im back for mo! I got me a shit load of coin and I am ready for greenReplyKlitl1k3rJanuary 25, 2019 at 10:08 pmI just now sent some really awsome pics of my package. Admin its time to hook me up with a 50% deal!ReplyBankerJanuary 25, 2019 at 7:47 pmI
 was short $20 of my $2500 order. Not a big deal, my real question is
whether it is still safe to deposit this at my bank tomorrow.Has anyone recently done a deposit with the preshred cash? What was your experience?ReplyKlitl1k3rJanuary 25, 2019 at 3:18 pmAwesome service dudes. Got the spread today.ReplyMr HoJanuary 25, 2019 at 1:24 pmUSD is very good and quick shipment to Hong KongReplyr0bert1337January 25, 2019 at 9:04 amNow that is what I call service. Cash stuffed inside a Mr. Potato Head Doll. HaHa…… ClassyReplyAlJanuary 25, 2019 at 3:36 amThese guys are the real deal.ReplyFUTURISTAJanuary 25, 2019 at 2:05 amThe site is working better now. Is the attack over?ReplyOmegaLinkJanuary 24, 2019 at 11:46 pmAdmin
 and team do not let these guys stop you. I have been a faithful
customer for almost a year now. It nice to have a full time job income
and not have to work.ReplyRRRJanuary 24, 2019 at 9:26 pmAfter ordering from Admin and sending the Bitcoin and 4 days later… Cold Hard Cash…What a surprise and worth the money…ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJanuary 24, 2019 at 2:46 pmWe
 have been getting hit with a Denial of Service Attack. We are always
under attack but that wont stop us. We are getting the cash to the
people who deserve it. If the site is unavailable keep trying. They are
trying to keep you away from us.Spend Wisely My FriendsAdminReply2ndorderJanuary 24, 2019 at 10:59 pmGo get em Admin! My 2nd order came by post today.Dont Stop BrotherReplymidkzhardJanuary 24, 2019 at 2:18 pmI got mine in the mail today. I am stoked. Ill send pics too so I can get the 50% deal.ReplySurf Baby81January 24, 2019 at 8:58 amAt
 first they were very quick about sending replies, typically within 6
hours. Then after I became a regular customer they respond after
12-20hrs. I order every week.ReplythisisyourmotherJanuary 23, 2019 at 3:32 pmCan I actually post here?ReplyMaNigg4January 23, 2019 at 12:58 pmtest test test test is this workingReplyXyz2016January 23, 2019 at 7:32 amWork on your website it keeps going down. Whats going on?Reply0xE8January 22, 2019 at 8:57 pmI
 just found out that you can pay obama care insurance with cash at some
retail chaines. I used the cash to pay the family premium. They take up
to $1000 and the employees that work there dont check anythingReplymarshall3January 22, 2019 at 6:57 pmdude
 that blows. I had a package stolen from my front door and that was my
first order. Admin was cool and hooked me up. Maybe he will do the same
for you.ReplylittlescryptkiddieJanuary 22, 2019 at 4:18 pmI waited 4 days for delivery. It came this afternoon but $1000 is missing from my $10000. It looks like someone had opened it.What can I do to get my missing $1000?ReplySmittyJanuary 22, 2019 at 12:36 pmGot it today in an amazon box. but no amazon stuff inside heheReplyJohnny CageJanuary 21, 2019 at 10:01 pmOnce again our government has failed us. They cant even keep it open! I smile every time I get my package.ReplyDoomgotbeatzJanuary 21, 2019 at 8:22 pmI was on unemployment until I found this site. Thank you I make more now than I ever did working.ReplygrahamJanuary 21, 2019 at 8:08 pmPlaced my 2nd order just now for £5000. Really happy so far.ReplyInuyashaXJanuary 21, 2019 at 6:40 pmWhy
 is it there is talk of assholes on a site that sells stolen cash? I
dont understand. I just want the money not all the bullshit.ReplyGrantJanuary 21, 2019 at 5:30 pmjust seeing if this worksReplyGrantJanuary 21, 2019 at 5:10 pmjust seeing if this worksReplynick diazJanuary 20, 2019 at 11:33 pmI sent some pictures too. I am not a good photographer but the big brown thing with hair is my asshole.Replyn3m3S1zJanuary 20, 2019 at 5:58 pmAdmin
 I sent some pics over from my package on Friday. I had already opened
it and threw the stuff in the garbage. I pulled it out and too some
pics.I know they are not the best, but maybe you will use themReplybluehornJanuary 20, 2019 at 10:00 amIt works. I give this place 100/100. It really is the best kept secret in onion landReplysiwarsJanuary 20, 2019 at 3:54 amI
 am with you all the way Admin. Its time to take our money back from the
 corrupted government officials and line our own pockets.ReplyILoveBlackPeopleJanuary 20, 2019 at 1:18 amSnortinLinesPumpin9s I LOVE IT! Im doing a couple lines now right off my bitches assReplyTmaxlGJanuary 20, 2019 at 12:21 amAdmin Ill send my pics too when my stash comes Tuesday. Who knows it might come with a dick pic too! lolReplyxWraithXxJanuary 19, 2019 at 8:06 pmAre you North Korean? Are you trying to take down the USA by stealing their money?ReplySmartfartJanuary 19, 2019 at 5:25 pmWhat will soon become my last cc payment was delivered.Thank youReplyretherennJanuary 19, 2019 at 12:43 pmAdmin very cool. When I get my next package I will upload a few jpegs.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJanuary 19, 2019 at 9:32 amHello Guys/GalsIt
 has been a crazy start to 2019. We are swamped with orders. The
majority these orders are coming from first time clients. Everyone seems
 to have a new years resolution to get rich in 2019. Even though these
are smaller orders it has drawn down our inventory significantly. I will
 be adjusting inventory levels to reflect that fact.For 2019 we
are updating our site with some new pics. Yeah I know, you been asking
for that. Well, your request has not fallen on deaf ears. But, we need
your help to do it.We are asking for our customers to send us
pics of you receiving your cash and your unpackaging process. Please do
not include faces or anything else that would reveal your identity.
Anyone who sends us pics will receive 10% off on their next order. If we
 use your pic for our website we will fill your next order at 50% off.Make
 sure you tell us a name to use for your pic should it be selected. Be
creative, and no real names please. I would prefer not to have a bunch
of pics from anonymous. We need every package type, USD, Euro, and GBP
from Rookie to Master, Copper to Diamond, and Starter to Manchester
United.You can send your pics to us at
realtormoney@protonmail.com. For the script kiddies who think they are
clever we will be opening these attachments in a sterile environment.Change your Fortunes in 2019!Spend Wisely My Friends,AdminReplyDreiJanuary 19, 2019 at 4:41 amBuy weed with it. Free smokes for lifeReplypacweepJanuary 19, 2019 at 3:25 ambigboss
 if you are just figuring this out good for you. I held back from doing
anything because of all the negative press but I did it anyway. I am
$5000 richer because I did. THe powers that be will always try to hold
us back.ReplyanonJanuary 19, 2019 at 1:18 amit worksReplybigbossJanuary 18, 2019 at 10:25 pmThe
 governments want to take out bitcoin so they can keep the rest of the
people on the fiat tit. They are hypocrites. How are they trying to
protect they people when they are responsible for wiping out 200 billion
 in crypto market value in 2 days.ReplyAnonymousJanuary 19, 2019 at 12:50 amIs this real?ReplyBokChoy88January 18, 2019 at 5:56 pmWhat
 a mess! I was supposed to get the cash last Friday. Then I get an email
 from Admin and he said it was returned. I have no idea why. I again
verified the address and it was sent out again. It was supposed to get
here today but it was delayed because of the weather.This is Horse Shit. Everyone else gets their money and I have to wait.ReplyAnonymousJanuary 18, 2019 at 2:47 pm$1300 bucks for me and a DVD to boot Whoot Whoot !!!!!!ReplyRobert MenterJanuary 18, 2019 at 11:36 amleaving comment because they are awesome and I trust them.Greensboro NCReplyRingJanuary 18, 2019 at 10:42 amHi,Has anyone had an issue with the delivery not getting stolen from your porch? I realized I wont be home when it arrives.I wouldn’t want my $10,000 in stolen cash to be stolen by someone else. Its kind of confusing.ReplyKKKJanuary 18, 2019 at 2:38 amIts the niggers and jews that are cauzin all this mess.Admin do you ban niggers and jews from buying?ReplyTempleofShadowsJanuary 17, 2019 at 10:54 pmThis shit is da bomb! I cant find any flaws in the cash other than its old.ReplyWasKoZJanuary 17, 2019 at 8:31 pmFucking
 governments ruin everything. Bitcoin is a perfect currency and what do
they do, fuck with it. They are all worried that bitcoin is too volatile
 and that they need “laws” to protect the consumer.Its bullshit.
 There meddling has cost people a lot of money over the past couple of
days. They are doing the very thing they say they are trying to protect
the people from.Fucking assholesReplyscott thompsonJanuary 17, 2019 at 3:40 pmhi there folks,just a quick 1 to run by you…..looking to purchase GBP and looking for some feedback from other people before going ahead.cheers guysReplyDoctor WhoJanuary 17, 2019 at 5:27 pmScottI
 bought over 10000 quid here and its spot on. They are faster than
before in the UK. I believe they have a new supplier or something. I am
not sure.CheersLeedsReplyEndoJanuary 17, 2019 at 12:25 pmI give the site 5/10, I paid for overnight and the money did not arrive until today. 5 Days!BTW got $2500. Its the one with “free” in it. I forgot the name.ReplyCash LuverJanuary 17, 2019 at 8:26 amI
 love the USA but I the government was not helping me out from my
massive bitcoin loses. I was down in the dumps. I got an early morning
doorbell ring and Fedex was at my door. $25,000 in cash first thing on a
 very depressing morning changed my outlook on things.I love my country too but now I can love my country feeling a little more happy 🙂ReplyUSAJanuary 17, 2019 at 6:23 amfraudulent,
 Buy Real Money is stealing from the US government. Do not buy stolen money
 like this! Its not traceable but its not yours either.Honesty is the BEST policyReplyProzac JackJanuary 17, 2019 at 2:58 amthese motherfuckers cant count worth shit. I paid for a semi profesional 5000$ deal and got 4200$.I read other people had been shorted before what did you do? I emailed Admin and I am waiting for reply.ReplyBD101January 17, 2019 at 12:28 amAHHHHHHHHHHH FUCK! I was ready to buy $50,000 and bitcoin took a huge shit on me. Now its gonna cost me more.Admin, can you give a brother a discount? Just this once?Reply8008s4MeJanuary 16, 2019 at 8:35 pmSOOOOOOO HAPPY!	THXReplyDanialJanuary 16, 2019 at 6:14 pmIf
 anyone is interested in using the money for Forex trading, let me know I
 offer a managed account service and offer signals daily. Bout to make
my first order soonReplyanonymusJanuary 16, 2019 at 11:10 am$$$$ is coming today.I feel like a kid wanting santaReplyEuroJanuary 16, 2019 at 7:06 amA+ Vendor. The best in Europe.ReplymushguyJanuary 16, 2019 at 3:36 amsome friends buy here and love it. Admin sent me my tracking for my first order. Ill report back laterReplyAnonymousJanuary 16, 2019 at 12:39 amI see it nowXReplyAnonymousJanuary 16, 2019 at 12:10 amYour comments section sucks. I keep getting a message to slow down I am posting too fast. I was only sending 1 comment.It finally submitted but I dont see it on the site.	You need to fix it.XReplyRoccoJanuary 15, 2019 at 9:47 pmI am so glad I did this.ReplyAnonymousJanuary 15, 2019 at 6:59 pmI am paying off all my bills with this cash. $5,000 by Fedex on FridayReply8008s4MeJanuary 15, 2019 at 5:17 pmMy “Tax Refund” is on schedule to arrive tomorrow.ReplytestJanuary 15, 2019 at 12:25 pmdont mind me just testingReplySladeWilsonJanuary 15, 2019 at 10:53 amDELIVEREDReplyfuckingcuntJanuary 15, 2019 at 6:05 am…almost forgotUsing $10,000. I hope to fuck myself to deathReplyfuckingcuntJanuary 15, 2019 at 6:04 am$$$$ challenge. How much pussy can I get with thisOnly 10+ for looksAt least 2 threesomesReplyblipblopJanuary 15, 2019 at 4:11 amI AM HOOKED ON THIS SHIT. I BUY ALL MY DRUGS WITH IT TOOReplye0mxcJanuary 15, 2019 at 3:08 ambest weed money in onion land ++++ReplyCaramello64January 15, 2019 at 1:32 amThat sucks I saw that on the news. Hawaii is a beautiful place and I am sorry that happened to you.ReplySladeWilsonJanuary 14, 2019 at 11:41 pmPackage will be here tomorrow. UPS BABY!Go Brown or Go HomeReplyAlohaJanuary 14, 2019 at 9:14 pmI
 am now convinced that our government has no intent of taking care of
us. I live in Hawaii and I really thought I was going to die.Our
 elected officials here are millionaires while the rest of us work our
asses off just to get by. I was trolling this site for a few weeks now
and unsure if I should buy. I am taking back my money from the
government the only way I know how. $50,000 ordered with overnight.This is a revolution! I’m tired of everyone else making out and I’m not.ReplyEl GatoJanuary 14, 2019 at 5:04 pmExcelente estado dinero. Recomiendo al cualquier en MéxicoReplyNOOB SPOOGEJanuary 14, 2019 at 12:57 pmAri
 if those buyers were real they would have never posted anything about
it anyway. All buyers know the rules that come with the cash.The ones that ignore the rules and brag about the pre shred cash are dumb ass noobs anyway.ReplyFree LoaderJanuary 14, 2019 at 8:25 amMy
 fucking job fired me last week and I really dont care. I started buying
 cash here in Nov and my plan to keep ordering every two weeks. I am
working up to the $25,000. I plan on retiring for the year by April 1st.ReplyNuvi1988January 14, 2019 at 6:30 amI
 was unable to find any decent looking quid in the markets. The pounds
sterling from SW has all the security features including the new notes
released from the BOE.ReplyXanaJanuary 14, 2019 at 2:59 amPatience. It was 6 days for me to get the cash. I hate we have to wait 2 weeks between orders.ReplyJimmy The CricketJanuary 14, 2019 at 1:10 amWhen I emailed my order it took 6 or 7 hours to get a response with payment instruction and such.Replymoney boogerJanuary 14, 2019 at 12:49 ami already sent them email hours ago, but they didnt answer mehow to work with it ??ReplyJizz Master 5000January 13, 2019 at 8:29 pmThis is what I suggest……1. Get $10,000 – $25,000 in 20’s2. Throw the cash all over the bed (or a floor will do)3. Invite over your girlfriend (or pay a whore)4. Fuck her brains out while she lies on the cash5. Slow down when you need to dont cum too fast6. When you are ready lauch all your hot jizz all over the cashTrust me IT FEELS FANTASTICReplyNikiJanuary 13, 2019 at 4:21 pmI
 was not expecting a delivery today. I didn’t know you guys did Saturday
 delivery for overnights. I was expecting it Monday. No complaints. Very
 Happy.ReplyManheimerJanuary 13, 2019 at 1:19 pmI needed a car and used Buy Real Money to make it happen. I did my research before I did anything and it worked out.Here is what I learned:1. I bought the Professional ($10,000)2. Ask for large bills.3. Buy your car (used) at auction.4. Make sure the out the door price is less than $10,0005. Per IRS guidelines any transaction in cash $10,000 or higher has to be reported.6. I paid $8,300 for my car after fees and taxes.I
 know its not as glorious as to what some other people are doing here
but I did get a good deal. I paid $1250 to buy the Professional and
ended up with a car that’s worth about $9,000 if I sold it to a private
seller.Reply8008s4MeJanuary 13, 2019 at 9:46 amAs
 long my orders keep arriving I could give two shits what other people
think. I will milk this cow until it ends. My next delivery is expected
on tuesday.ReplyLealJanuary 13, 2019 at 5:10 amProduit supérieur et livraison rapide.MerciReply:)January 12, 2019 at 11:26 pmToday was arrival day for me. Everything was pretty much the way others here described it. Right down to the packaging they use.Free Agent CustomerReplyAriJanuary 12, 2019 at 11:01 pmYou
 convinced me JOE. Think about it, why would anyone post the fact they
tried to purchase stolen cash on any clear net site? Thats just stupid.
Only noobs are reading all that bullshit anyway.ReplyAA:BB:CC:DD:EEJanuary 12, 2019 at 10:29 pmI ordered today too. I figured what the hell. Why should everyone else get this and not me.ReplyAnonymousJanuary 12, 2019 at 8:34 pmI am cant wait. Fedex says my delivery is on Monday. I should have done overnight.ReplyO2January 12, 2019 at 7:55 pmI
 held my breath and went to the drive through of my bank. I made a
deposit for $2000 in the through and the teller said nothing but have a
nice day.I will definitely do this again. Thank you AdminReplyJedi MasterJanuary 12, 2019 at 4:55 pmHey Admin,Fuck it Im in! Just placed my order for 10 grand. I know a couple of guys who have bought from you and they say you are legit.ReplyJohnny CageJanuary 12, 2019 at 12:12 pmMy opinion has not changed. Go Private and avoid all of the unnecessary bullshit.ReplyDigitalCancerJanuary 12, 2019 at 10:35 amAdmin I have been a long time buyer. You guys are the best. Dont give up.ReplyStacyJanuary 12, 2019 at 9:07 amI
 completed my first transaction here about a month ago. Has enough time
passed to make another order or do I have to wait longer?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJanuary 12, 2019 at 6:44 amThanks Joe for the comments and the research. Just so you know we have had prior customer who tried to do the same thing to us.There is no honor among thieves.AdminReplyJOEJanuary 12, 2019 at 5:09 amI
 have finished some research regarding a particular group who is making
there presence known on the dark-net. They have sent several demands for
 100 BTC or they will take down several of the most popular dark web
vendors. They have going after Admin and his team for a couple of
months. They threaten to “destroy market confidence” and “make sure no
one will do business with you again”. So you may have noticed many false
 negative reviews around forums and other places.I must say this
 group is sophisticated. They have been able to use bots to post several
 thousand random posts on various clear-net and dark-net boards
discouraging people from doing business with Buy Real Money. After
additional research I can confirm this same group cloned Buy Real Money and
 renamed is New Company.PsyOps is nothing new but this group
shows signs of gov backing. Either its our “Cousins” with “Christians in
 Action” or its another player such as North Korea. My initial thoughts
steer me toward North Korea. It makes sense that they would attempt to
extort bitcoin from Admin and his team, clone Buy Real Money, create a new
site called New Company, and then scam those customers who visit their
 site. The timing of incidents correlate.Its no secret that
various USA based agencies have been using PsyOps to scare prospective
buyers and attempt to close down Buy Real Money, perhaps to varying
success. However, it usually is not typical for them to use extortion in
 these cases. The USA agencies have plenty of money to work with whereas
 North Korea does not.My best advice to people reading this is
remember that any public forum can and is used to perform PsyOps.
Deepdotweb is a haven for gov agencies. They used it to steer people to a
 very popular market place which was being run my the Dutch government
using positive feedback to lure people in.I know JC and others
have recommended going private, as existing clients already know the
legitimacy of Admin and his team and receive product regularly. I can
only say this; The more you limit your sale of pre-shred cash to the
public the more the gov agencies as well as extortion groups win the
war. I suggest Admin, you do not give in. Will there be people who will
be scared away and not get the pre-shred cash, yes, but there are others
 who will push past the rhetoric and stand up to the gov and rightfully
take back the cash the gov has stolen from them for years.JOEReply?Curious George?January 12, 2019 at 3:03 amCan
 someone comment on the bad comments on review boards about you?
Comments on dark web boards from a few months ago looked good but then I
 noticed more negative reviews recently.ReplyJohnny CageJanuary 12, 2019 at 1:49 amWeiShen you sound like a fucking idiot. What do you mean if its open to the public its safer for everyone?ReplyWeiShenJanuary 12, 2019 at 1:21 amI
 don’t agree JC. The more clients that purchase in the public realm the
more the money is spread out. Like the onion concept it keeps the money
distribution into the public making it harder for any one person to get
caught.ReplyAnonymousJanuary 11, 2019 at 10:57 pmA nice stash arrived today. Hey admin can I post a pic?ReplyLoloBankzJanuary 11, 2019 at 8:12 pmAdmin
 its good to know you guys are sticking thorough all this with us. Its
so hard to find good reliable vendors in onion land.ReplyMoneyRunJanuary 11, 2019 at 4:23 pmLord Admin,You have a awesome service and I appreciate all the advise from other customers. Its really helps.I don’t come from money and having $10,000 in cash is a little strange to me and it makes me nervous.ReplyKashJanuary 11, 2019 at 12:54 pmMy order finally arrived after 6 days. There isn’t much I can say about the money its money. Used and a little torn but usable.Replyog5704January 11, 2019 at 10:09 amNotes for newbies & first timers1.) Read the entire order processing TWICE before asking questions to Admin and his team2.)
 Buy a little more than the quoted price to account for transfer fees
(min $100 extra). For the $5000 (Semi-Pro) which costs $750, buy $850
worth of BTC. The price they quote you at is the price you pay
regardless of BTC goes up/down3.) When sending the BTC to the wallet
 address and calculate a fee that will transfer quickly usually ~30 min.
 (I didn’t do this and it took 13+ hrs to confirm the transaction. You
will end up having to send them an email and your order could
potentially get cancelled)4.) I recommend purchasing the overnight or the fastest shipping available to you.5.)
 Like it’s been stated, do NOT deposit or make purchases in excess of
$10,000. Person to person transactions should be okay (buying a used car
 from a person) but depositing/purchasing anything that has the
potential to leave a paper trail (banks, stores, etc) is obviously
stupid.ReplyAnonymousJanuary 10, 2019 at 7:33 pmthinking about making a purchase, which package is the best one to get to not raise suspicion but still be a large sumReplyNarcJanuary 10, 2019 at 10:00 amWhy do people say they are going to follow up with a post and dont? Its useless information otherwise.Admin
 can you limit the comments to only people who have purchase, received,
and used the cash? Most people are looking information on the process
and what to do when they get the money.ReplyJohnny TestaJanuary 10, 2019 at 3:04 pmWhat to do with the cashFirst
 Watch the Movie GoodFellas That will explain how to keep everything low
 key Don’t F this up for everyone don’t be a dumb ass flashing cash all
over college campusI have been dealing in cash hidden from the US Government for Yearsfor and investment you want Face Silver Pawn Shops have it plus when you resell no IRS all gold sales over $600 must be reportedCollege Tuition under 10k at a timeDinning outGasGroceriesClothesElectric BillOil BillCar RepairsBitcoins put them in with one wallet mix them then pull out with another walletReplyJohnny CageJanuary 12, 2019 at 12:12 amNarcI have been trying to tell them to do just that for over a year. I agree it would make things a whole lot easier to go private.ReplyAquaManJanuary 10, 2019 at 8:43 amGoing big for the $25000. I will let you know how it goes.ReplyAnonymousJanuary 10, 2019 at 6:51 amTestingReply:(January 10, 2019 at 3:37 amLucky me. I bought the free agent and was supposed to get $2,500 and its not all there.Counted twice and the total is $2,350. I emailed Admin and I am waiting on an answer.ReplyRooDooJanuary 10, 2019 at 2:02 amJC – Im 19 and cuz of this place i got more cash than any of my friends. yes the bitches love me for itReplyXJanuary 10, 2019 at 1:29 amI
 know these guys say they get their cash from uncle sam. Maybe IDK. I
ordered $1300 and it came 4 days later. All I know is its stolen money. I
 would never deposit it at the bank.I like some of the ideas
from the forums on how spend it. The casino idea is pretty good. I read
some other reviews on another board about you guys and your long time
customers seems to really be making a killing.ReplyLord SidiousJanuary 9, 2019 at 11:47 pmCage
 you are a real tool. Not everyone has money and just because someone
doesn’t have money doesn’t mean they are an idiot. Paris Hilton has lots
 of money and she is fucking retarded.If you have nothing constructive to say shut the fuck up!ReplyJohnny CageJanuary 9, 2019 at 10:00 pmIt
 looks like bitcoin is about to make another move. Hang on boys and
girls and get ready for the ride. Admin, the EP program is not a secret
everyone knows about it. Who cares anyway. So what if a bunch of noobs
want in. Once they do a large amount of business with you like I and
others have then they can join in.Again I still think you need
to take the program and make it private. Why deal with all the bullshit.
 Who gives a shit if the general public believes you or not?No
offense but I think you are trying to be altruistic, which is nice, but
people aren’t going to appreciate what you do in the end. They are just
going to piss the money away like they always have and end up with
nothing.JCReplyLyssaJanuary 9, 2019 at 4:37 pmThe
 Euro notes are REALLY REALLY GOOD. They say they get them from a
currency exchange and its real. I can not see a difference. I have used
some of it and no one has said anything. I am thinking of taking some
Euro to the airport and exchange for USD there. I will know for sure its
 clean.ReplyankerJanuary 9, 2019 at 1:55 pm$5000 it took 5 days. I didn’t do the overnightReplyAnonymousJanuary 9, 2019 at 1:39 pmAnker which one did you get? How much? Any issues with the delivery?ReplyankerJanuary 9, 2019 at 11:57 am……….deposit complete. No problems. My available balance shows my cash deposit. Cool.ReplyankerJanuary 9, 2019 at 10:41 amabout to go make my first deposit with the atm. report back soon.ReplyHenri-D8January 9, 2019 at 6:46 amSome comments….1. Ordered 1300 quid and it arrived my post today.2. Notes are authentic and all NEW. I thought this was cash to be destroyed?3. Stealth packaging was done right.It remains unclear to me if the bills are real or counterfeit. I am unable to tell the difference.Please only respond if you actually ordered.ReplyNelsonJanuary 9, 2019 at 12:17 amWhat a fucktard!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJanuary 8, 2019 at 9:29 pmPirates_Den
 you should not be depositing $15k all at one time. If you read any of
the forums you should know that. Yes, you fucked up big time. Walking
away and making a big deal of it did not help you either.Listen
people, DO NOT DEPOSIT MORE THAN $10,000 ON THE SAME DAY! Even better,
wait at least a week between deposits. Depositing on Fridays is
preferable since its Pay Day for most people. Its not unusual for people
 to be depositing cash.ReplyPirates_DenJanuary 8, 2019 at 4:42 pmThe bank is telling me I have to fill out a form to make a $15,000 deposit. I told them “No”. Am I going to have problems?ReplyKGBJanuary 8, 2019 at 2:11 pmI
 read all kind of shit, people either love this place or say its bull
shit. I made a small order to see whats what and you came through. I am
going to do a much larger order. Dont fuck me and you will have a very
good life long customer.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJanuary 6, 2019 at 8:01 amUPDATES!!!New
 inventory is in !!! Our first batch of 2019! I will be adjusting
inventory levels to reflect the fact. GBP customers we are still low on
GBP and will likely be so until late next week. USD and EURO are back to
 good levels.If we get another email from a fucktard asking for
instructions on how to order I am going to go insane. Read the fucking
website. If you are illiterate or unable to follow instructions then you
 were likely destined to be poor because managing large amounts of money
 is impossible for you.Reminder, to please make sure you tell us
 in your email that you want cash shipped internationally. Otherwise you
 will get the wrong quote and your shipment will be delayed.For
you first timers do not give us a fake address. Its stupid and all it
does is prevent you from getting your cash. We do not put a return
address if your cash cant be delivered to you. All that does is make
Fedex richer and they have enough fucking money.Spend Wisely My FriendsAdminReplymuscratJanuary 8, 2019 at 10:20 amJust
 some advice… I ordered $25,000 in $10’s and its a stack almost a foot
long, I would have gotten $20’s or $100’s if I did it againReplySandladyJanuary 8, 2019 at 7:18 amAny
 suggestions on how to buy BTC with the most stealth? Since the new
largest package is now $10k I feel like that would raise an eyebrow or
two if I came to Wells Fargo every 2 weeks with that kind of cash to
exchange for BTC.	Thanks!ReplymiaJanuary 8, 2019 at 4:50 amHey Admin,I’m looking forward in doing business with you very soon… You are awesome and keep up the good work.ReplyDark Net MasterJanuary 8, 2019 at 2:25 amI bought a motorcycle for $8,000 cash. I didnt have to file an IRS form 8300 since it was less than $10,000ReplyGang BangerJanuary 8, 2019 at 12:48 amOther
 than depositing at a bank, which I rather not do because my ex has a
court order to drain the shit of me, how are people sending their cash?ReplyokhaidereJanuary 7, 2019 at 11:44 pmVery happy! Thanks for the cash! More orders soon!ReplyAnonymousJanuary 7, 2019 at 9:55 pmMy mom said I cant go on the darknet any more. Goodbye Admin & everyone!ReplyjohnJanuary 7, 2019 at 7:37 pmtest, anybody ordered euro?ReplyironsideJanuary 7, 2019 at 5:12 pmJust placed my first order for the Pro Package! Excited and nervous at the same time. Just waiting for the tracking # now.ReplyaeonJanuary 7, 2019 at 1:34 pmOrder
 paid watching tracking info, scheduled to arrive tomorrow via Fedex.
Excited, nervous and grateful. More excited about this cash than a blow
job.ReplyVega$January 7, 2019 at 5:08 amAdmin, I just finished 8 hours of Black Jack make 400% on my money. The best part was my buy in $$ was pre shred.On
 my next order I am going to buy some chips slow play and cash out. I
think someone else here was doing that. I like it. Clean money in the
end.ReplyTomJanuary 7, 2019 at 1:42 amSent
 in my order and anxiously waiting for my tracking numbers and package.
Thank you Admin for dealing with the newbie, sorry it took so long for
the payment I’ll use a higher free to send it faster. You’re awesome!ReplymasonJanuary 6, 2019 at 11:22 pmUpdate (email) ThanksReplyMindy_GalJanuary 6, 2019 at 9:25 pmIts good to see that you have more cash Admin. I dont know what I would do without you.ReplyHellHound666January 6, 2019 at 5:52 pmSo
 I am a first time customer and bought the 10k deal. Most of the cash I
got was in 20’s. I am trying to convert my cash into my local currency.
The guy at the exchange said he doesn’t buy 20’s only 100’s. I guess I
will order 100’s with my next order.Admin have you heard of anything like this before?ReplyJosephJanuary 6, 2019 at 12:08 pmYou rock! Cash money delivered. Plus Saturday Service. Excellent!!Reply359January 6, 2019 at 3:35 amThe
 Buy Real Money is the single greatest thing I found on the internet. I got
 the first money package through USPS. will order more in 2 weeksReplyJohhnyJanuary 6, 2019 at 2:27 amI only tried the rookie option bc I wanted to see if these guys were legit. 3 days later the $1300 came to me!ReplyAnonymousJanuary 6, 2019 at 12:03 amI
 have yet to try Cash Admins but the fact that i can post a review
without needing an order number is reassuring, i may try themReplyBlack PharaohJanuary 5, 2019 at 10:22 pmHopefully this works I really need the money manI see a lot of good reviews(got scammed twice in the black market already this shit is crazy man)I shall post again once I have enough money to buy rookie package-Nyc all day nigga peaceReplySolaris777January 5, 2019 at 7:16 pmJust got my cash in the mail today. Very grateful their real. Made another order. Very pleased.ReplyLu LuJanuary 5, 2019 at 5:00 pmI just got my $25,000 package today! Yaaaa ! I know its small cheese around here but I’m still happy:)ReplyhoegirlJanuary 5, 2019 at 2:13 pmSo
 I’ve flipping through my cash and it look 100% legit. I’ve used
counterfeit before and this is NOT counterfeit. Quick question – Does
everyone use the ATM to put the cash in or do people go insideReplyAnonymousJanuary 5, 2019 at 12:37 pmReceived the cash. Awesome and wonderful This is a total life changer.ReplyTruFloGrownJanuary 5, 2019 at 9:11 amIm
 new to the DN	I know someone who did this shit a few times and now he
seems to be set for a while.	How do you do this???	Can somebody send me
some further instruction.Replyeuro arrivalJanuary 5, 2019 at 3:51 amI did think that the euro was fake but its real. 500 Euro delivered to me in Germany.Good SupplierReplyTheKingJanuary 5, 2019 at 1:25 amPlease send me your bitcoin address so I can start.Finally got enough and I want to start.Best regardsReplypissedJanuary 5, 2019 at 12:58 amHey “Role Model”, shut the fuck up and go back into the kitchen I can tell your a stupid bitch woman.YES bitcoin is the fuck legal. Get off the computer before you hurt yourself with the keyboard.ReplyTestingJanuary 5, 2019 at 12:02 amPlaces my first order currently waiting to see how it turns out really excitedReplyrole modelJanuary 4, 2019 at 11:16 pmWAIT!! Bitcoin is ILLEGAL in the USA!! You’ll go to jail for owning it I am SUREReplyHard BidderJanuary 4, 2019 at 10:33 pmWhy
 hello “Clinton”, so you work for the government do you? You probably
get overpaid with my tax dollars to do something that is completely
un-necessary right?ReplyAnonymousJanuary 4, 2019 at 8:04 pmWhy my comment not postingReplymasonJanuary 4, 2019 at 7:06 pmEager to get this shit rollin.ReplyVIP CustomerJanuary 4, 2019 at 5:13 pmHey
 Admin, are you sending out better quality bills now days? Just asking
out of curiosity. I got my cash and its alot better quality cash than it
 was when you started.Replycrown11January 4, 2019 at 3:16 pmPlaced
 my first order today for the free agent package (2,500)!!!!! With
overnight shipping Waiting to recieve the tracking info cant wait to
recieve my cash i will update once i recieve the cash!!!!ReplyyoutuberJanuary 4, 2019 at 2:46 pmMy
 friend showed me the $10,000 you sent him. Is this for real? It seems
fake but I counted the $10,000 myself. This could be a life changer.ReplyClintonJanuary 4, 2019 at 11:31 amI
 work for the government and you are ruining the United States of
America!! This is a great nation and your RUINING it!!! Read the
constitution bastards!! Fuck you !!!If there is any shred of patriotism within you – STOP STEALING CASH AND STOP MAILING IT OUT.ReplyJustice LeaugeJanuary 4, 2019 at 8:56 amLMAO – why the hell did you send my cash inside a “Spreadsheet Enthusiast” magazine? Waaaay funny.ReplyJAJanuary 4, 2019 at 1:26 amIf I order EUR, do I get normal EUR bills or also those meant to be shredded?	How do you exchange USD to EUR?ReplyYogurt slingerJanuary 3, 2019 at 9:57 pmIs
 this cash perfect? no its not. Is it in bad shape? Nope. Will it go
through an ATM? Yes probably 1/25 bills wont make it through machines no
 matter how you put it in. But just spend those elsewhere.I also
 go by these names look me up!	Clam hammer, Womb broom, Spam javelin,
Tuna torpedo, Meat popsicle, Cervix crusader, Tummy bananaReplyfalkeJanuary 3, 2019 at 6:15 pmyou shit heads are a bunch of bananenbiegers. get a real job and contribute to society.Your Euro is real but it is destroying society. You are creating lazy youth. Stupid Americans.ReplyTeddyBearJanuary 3, 2019 at 3:06 pmOMG !! My cash arrived. £2,500 as promised all 20 pound notes.Cheers AdminReplymeth loverJanuary 3, 2019 at 2:05 pmGetting cash in the mail isnt as good as methReplyCelebrateJanuary 3, 2019 at 1:52 pmAdmin. package finally arrived. just did some lines of some high end coke and did it will my newly acquired cash.Replyjstmt9January 3, 2019 at 12:11 pmI just emailed SW to order (EUR). I will update!ReplycapitalistJanuary 3, 2019 at 8:33 amReally great service! Thank you.ReplyaNONuserJanuary 3, 2019 at 6:57 amI
 also wanted to share the good news. I paid off my all my credit cards
and I sent the last payment for my car. As of today I am debt free! Now I
 get to keep all the money myself from my next order.ReplyLuckyWomanJanuary 3, 2019 at 3:25 amAdmin,	will you deliver to Germany ? USD or EUR ?ReplyunknownwonJanuary 3, 2019 at 2:16 amLet me know how to send paymentReplyEasy StreetJanuary 3, 2019 at 12:32 amIm using my money for a fucking vacation. First class, never been but now I can afford to.Thx SWReplyShhJanuary 2, 2019 at 9:59 pmJust placed my first order, fingers crossed! Thanks in advance guys! things may be looking up from here.Reply8 BitJanuary 2, 2019 at 9:26 pmMy
 rookie pack arrived. It was in a shipment from Amazon. I open the
package and there is a shrink wrapped DVD called PS I Love You staring
Hilary Swank and Gerard Butler. At first I was like, where the fuck is
my cash. So I peel off the plastic from the DVD,opened it up, and behold
 a sealed mylar bag. I got some scissors opened up the bag and YESSSS
cash all 20’s. I used my counterfeit pen and ultraviolet light on the
bills. They are real. I can feel the raised print as well. VERY NICE.I will be ordering again after my 2 week wait…. which kind of sucks BTWReplyShhJanuary 2, 2019 at 8:59 pmI have my payment ready, just waiting on a response. Hope this is real! You guys will be fucking gods to me if it is.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJanuary 2, 2019 at 5:41 pmSeveral
 orders have been shipped today please check your emails for tracking
information. Some of you dumb fucks have listed a temporary anonymous
email address, and your tracking info gets bounced back to us. WE HAVE
NO OTHER WAY TO CONTACT YOU!This is the time of year when the
crazies come out of their moms basement and demand extortion money or
they threaten to post negative reviews and “destroy our business”. WE
WILL NEVER PAY EXTORTION MONEY! Post away. Most of our business comes
from existing clients anyway.I am also getting several emails
from people who want to immediately join our Elite Program with their
first order. THAT WONT HAPPEN!The Elite Program is AN EXCLUSIVE
PROGRAM and is not advertised, unfortunately we have some members who
like to boast they are in it. Per program rules IT IS NOT TO BE
DISCLOSED. The EP Program is an invitation only program. DO NOT INVITE
YOURSELF ITS TACKY!We should be getting more “inventory” this week. Once we do I will update our inventory levels.Spend Wisely My FriendsAdminReplyQueerJanuary 2, 2019 at 3:38 pmMY SHIPPING INFO HASNT CHANGED IN 10 HOURS. WHAT THE FUCK IS USPS DOING?!?! GET IT THE FUCK TO MY HOUSEReplymrbearJanuary 2, 2019 at 2:47 pmso my package should be here any day now !!!anxiety at its best fuck i hope to get soon!ReplyPOINTED QUESTIONJanuary 2, 2019 at 10:30 amAdmin CAN YOU GUYS SHIP MY NEXT PACKAGE IN A SMALLER BOX? I HAVE ISSUES WITH PACKAGE SIZES WHERE I LIVE.	THANK YOUReplySarahJanuary 2, 2019 at 8:50 amPower
 in the home should come from love, kindness, and mutual respect. not
from violence. Thats how my mother and father did it and that’s how I
treat my husband and how we co-manage the home.I’m here because I need the money Buy Real Money provides, I dont like the dark net environment and the people it attracts.ReplyRootCauseJanuary 2, 2019 at 2:11 amBigman.
 Hate to break it to but your her bitch. You need to put her in her
place with a few open handed strikes. She’ll never learn if you don’t
put some power behind them to make it memorable. After 5-10 minutes of
this you say “Honey I love you, and YOU made me do this to you, I didn’t
 want to, and its your fault.” Trust me son, this is the only way she’ll
 learn to obey your command in the home.ReplyBigMANJanuary 2, 2019 at 1:55 amALL FUCKING NIGHT SHE YELLED AT ME.I dont even have fucking tears left to cry…I’m not a bitch pussy man. I’m a man whos really tough!I drive a lifted pickup truck!!!I got liposuction on my man boobs months ago!! I don’t have them anymore!My wife is SO MEAN for calling me a pussy.Can someone write her a letter telling her how tough I am?Admin
 she’ll listen to you, can you tell her I AM a man? And super tough,
lifted pickup, I fucking swear alot and I have tattoos. I am a MAN!!!ReplyBigMANJanuary 2, 2019 at 1:30 amAnyone
 know how to get my wife to stop calling me a pussy? I tell her “please
dont call me that, cant you see i’m crying?” but she just keeps yelling
and I cant stop crying.	If I didnt get orders in the mail from Buy Real Money she would yell more.ReplyML2-88January 1, 2019 at 7:45 pmIm convinced. I have been watching this site for a few weeks now. I am ready to buy. Just sent the email. Its time to get rich!ReplytestingnowJanuary 1, 2019 at 3:03 pmtestingReplySebastianJanuary 1, 2019 at 2:34 pmAdmin!!!
 YOUR FUCKING AWESOME!!!! I cant believe this worked and its a total
life changer! I was gonna buy counterfeit and then I thought “What the
hell I am doing? Niggers go to jail for counterfeit!” So I bought from
Admin instead and it was the best decision of my life!! I seriously
think about you when I’m banging my boyfriend in the ass. GOOD SHIT!!!!
AWESOME!!!!!-SebastianReplySJanuary 1, 2019 at 12:08 pmJust making sure this is real.ReplyJohnny CageJanuary 1, 2019 at 10:43 amHappy
 new year to you too Admin. 2017 indeed was a profitable year. A year
ago this time we were dealing with coin around $900. The market has come
 a long way. I still think its a bubble and it will go bust any moment.ReplySJanuary 1, 2019 at 12:11 pmYepReplyMr. BeanJanuary 1, 2019 at 9:19 amThanks
 Admin for the new year wishes…Look this isnt a really big deal but the
last package I got (5,000 EURO) was short 200. Its not a really big deal
 but at the same time thats my money and I want it. I emailed you asking
 for you to mail the remaining 200 but you said you’ll include it in
your next order. Kind of upset about it but I guess 4,800 is still good.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJanuary 1, 2019 at 3:41 amHappy New Year My Fellow Rebels!Its
 officially 2019 and it is going to be an incredible year. We are going
on 2 years in business which is ancient for the darknet. The last 2
weeks of the month were crazy busy many of our large clients were
laundering cash and we had several new customers who found wealth in
bitcoin and were looking for a better return using us to move their coin
 to cash. All of our inventory levels are low. However we are expecting
to replenish our inventory this week.Spend Wisely My FriendsAdminReplyBigMoneyManJanuary 1, 2019 at 2:06 amYou
 have to respect these guys for stealing this money in the first place.
Blood was probably spilt, respect and thanks for the $$$ReplyNeverlandDecember 31, 2017 at 11:20 pmtesting does this thing workReplyNeverlandDecember 31, 2017 at 11:14 pmterstReplypissed off guyDecember 31, 2017 at 9:41 pmWhy the fuck don’t you send out free samples?ReplyEmar666December 31, 2017 at 3:39 pmI
 have a business proposition for you. I got the rookie package and want
to start buying the maximum order size. Sent you an email, hit me back.ReplyCyber KrewDecember 31, 2017 at 12:38 pmBeen
 here for a while. I have an organization that would like to make orders
 larger than $200k, I sent you an email about it can you make sure to
“Reply All” to everyone on the email? They want to see your response.ReplySeeDotCashDecember 31, 2017 at 8:20 amYoo… Is this thing on???ReplyEND OF WORLDDecember 31, 2017 at 4:44 amEVERYONE LISTEN TO ME!!! the world is going to end, follow these steps if you want to LIVE1. Buy cash from these guys2. Buy GOLD and SILVER with the cash3. Buy GUNS with the cashSoon
 you will be able to buy 1 acre of land with 1oz of silver. You will
burn the inflated dollar to heat your house You will sell the Gold to
the Aliens in exchange for not being anal probed. This will all happen.
When your buying land with silver, heating your house with cash and not
being anal probed you will thank me.End of World manReplyAbou-aliDecember 31, 2017 at 3:01 amdo
 you ship to Syria and Iraq? I am not a terrorist scum. I dont know them
 or talk to them. I dont eat with them. I do not no their families. I am
 not ISISReplytJanuary 2, 2019 at 1:07 aminternational shipping i think means world wide.ReplydepressedDecember 31, 2017 at 12:36 amThis
 is all kind of anti-climatic. So now I have $1,300 instead of $300. I’m
 not any happier now, I am still depressed and upset with my lifeReplyMr. 10 inchesDecember 30, 2017 at 10:16 pmMost
 of the cash I got was in good shape but a few $20’s didn’t go through
the ATM. I emailed mr Admin about it and said he sent me replacements
today. Its weird to have decent customer service on the dark net. Most
vendors are faggots. Lets see if the replacements really come thoughNow
 I have to wait a week and a half before I can order another package.
Admin any chance you’ll relax that “You can only order every 2 weeks”
policy? That sucks I could really use another $2,500 before next
weekend.ReplyMikaDecember 30, 2017 at 9:51 pmPeople say money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you had enough money, you can have a key made.ReplydonWeaDecember 30, 2017 at 7:29 pmWhat about shipping cash to Chile?I’m very interested in your service.ReplyMichelscanDecember 30, 2017 at 2:24 pmDo you ship to Africa ! specify to Egypt ?ReplyAnonymousDecember 30, 2017 at 9:52 amHi Admin, can you ship Euros to a PO box (boîte postale) in France?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 15, 2017 at 10:06 amHello yes we can ship to a boîte postale in France. No worriesAdminBuy Real MoneyReplyKyloDecember 30, 2017 at 5:09 am£5000 all £20 notes arrived in a childs toy package. The notes are confirmed real.We will be doing business again.CheersMReplyFuck BOA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!December 30, 2017 at 12:10 amJust paid those motherfuckers off. They can rot in hell for all I care. Jokes on them I paid them off with stolen cash!ReplythemonkDecember 29, 2017 at 10:52 pmI
 am stunned that I received a package with cash in it. I only started
with a small order. Now that I know its legit I will be ordering again.
2019 is going to be a great year. Debt free here I come.Replyps3paulDecember 29, 2017 at 4:09 pmDo you still ship to Australia? There is a group here who used your services in the past and recommended you.ReplyTHEOBESERVERDecember 29, 2017 at 11:12 amHOPEFULLY
 THIS SHIT IS REAL, ITS TIME TO BRING BACK THE MIDDLE CLASS IN AMERICA
BEFORE WE END UP LIKE THE HUNGER GAMES AND THE RICH START USING THE POOR
 FOR THEIR ENTERTAINMENT.ReplyForever - - - - - - -December 29, 2017 at 3:12 amordered
 & paid yesterday for an overnight Elite package. It looks like it
was just mailed today. Would have been nice if it shipped out yesterday.
 Oh well.ReplyBigPapaDecember 29, 2017 at 1:01 amThe
 real KING is the fucking credit card companies. These bastards have us
by the balls. The government works for these banks. Now the Fed is
jacking up the interest rates and guess what the CC companies are doing
in response? I fucking paying off my CC debt with this shit.ReplyAnonymousDecember 28, 2017 at 9:41 pmYou send me $1300 inside a “Cockhandler” magazine? Its a real magazine about chickens. Kind of f***ed up but its funny.Reply????December 28, 2017 at 5:27 pmI used the cash to buy money orders. Now I am going to cash them somewhere else. That should wash the cash good enough correct?ReplyMr. KoolDecember 28, 2017 at 4:00 pmIt
 is cold as fuck outside, but when I opened that box and saw those
beautiful bills it warmed me right up! I will be back for more.ReplyAnonymousDecember 28, 2017 at 2:57 pmThe best place!Replycrown11December 28, 2017 at 10:42 amCant wait to buy from Buy Real Money next year 2019 im gonna start my near year off rite!!!!!!ReplyTinaDecember 28, 2017 at 2:21 amGross. I just want to order money. I am not interested in reading about your inability to get fucked by anyone.ReplyAnonymousDecember 28, 2017 at 1:55 amim drunk adn just had sex with myself. will someone give me $$ReplyMe 2December 27, 2017 at 8:54 pmI
 think its time to fire your packaging people. This is the second time I
 have been shorted. $5000 Semi Pro package was received and I am
counting $4920 in my shipment.ReplyhenryDecember 27, 2017 at 4:44 pmI never bought anything illegal before. Stolen cash from the gov makes me feel like Dr. EvilReplycoderedDecember 27, 2017 at 10:29 amI
 just came across your site. I have bitcoin that I have been saving for
years. I bought it when it was low. This can be a great resource for me
to unload bitcoin and get an even higher return.Can I buy some larger than $50,000? Maybe $100,000?ReplyKellsDecember 27, 2017 at 1:05 pmThe maximum is 200k for 9500btcReplyStreamDecember 27, 2017 at 9:01 amBox
 arrived!!!! I opened it and there was a box of cereal inside. But
SURPRISE inside the cereal box was a air tight bag with my cash nicely
stacked.Can I post a pic?ReplyMichelsDecember 27, 2017 at 4:12 pmconvince **	predictions system sorryReplymr.lostDecember 28, 2017 at 3:13 amhow long did it take to get your tracking details after sending yourorder money over ?ReplyhokifcukpokyDecember 27, 2017 at 2:53 amIm not that good lookin. I paid a hooker with my SW money. now I get the VIP level girlzReplynerofluxDecember 27, 2017 at 12:25 amA++++ vendor. Done business before and will do againReplyChrissyDecember 26, 2017 at 9:11 pmI am going to the bank tomorrow to make the deposit. Does anyone have any tips? I dont want to fuck it up.	Thank you in advance.ReplyAnonymousDecember 26, 2017 at 2:22 pmFinally got here & it was a $100 short of my $5000 I paid for? What are going to do about it?ReplyMr. SmithersDecember 26, 2017 at 12:48 pmIt arrived by UPS. Like some others have commented mine was in DVD’s. Will order again.ReplyMr. SmithersDecember 26, 2017 at 2:26 amI
 keep seeing lots of fedex shipments from other people. I have a
tracking number from UPS is that normal? It arrives later today!ReplyjykgghDecember 26, 2017 at 1:48 amwoow is this real ????/ testinggReplyUltraManDecember 25, 2017 at 8:12 pmCan’t wait to order.ReplyKellsDecember 25, 2017 at 1:54 pmAbout to place my first order today I’m excited!!!!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostDecember 21, 2017 at 7:30 pmWe are SLAMMED! We are seeing more orders this year than last year. Its hard to find good help these days! lolWe
 will likely need to lower the inventory indicator as we are shipping a
hell of a lot of money. If you want cash for stocking suffers get it
now! I would hate for you to be the one to get the email that says we
cant send you cash!Our Elite Program Clients will be getting
their regular shipments over the holiday period with no interruptions. I
 know several of our EP clients has emailed demanding a $200,000
package. ITS NOT GOING TO HAPPEN! Everyone deserves the right to getting
 our stolen pre shred cash. We are not about to do what our government
does and only pay attention to the 1%.Happy Holidays & Spend WiselyAdminReplyizzyDecember 25, 2017 at 9:10 amAll by myself for christmas…….so sadReplyJE3EJDecember 24, 2017 at 11:09 pmHo Ho Ho Motherfuckers!!Replycaptain MorganDecember 24, 2017 at 8:09 pmI just ordered and I can’t waitReplyDa Bomb!December 24, 2017 at 6:36 pmThis place is fucking crazy. Makes my $800 a week job look like nothing.ReplyGood SexDecember 24, 2017 at 1:41 pmI
 use this cash to pick up women. I just go on tinder find a hot chick to
 bang. Take her out, flash some cash, and the panties come right off.
Ah…..so nice not to be poor.Reply??December 23, 2017 at 6:44 pmDoes anyone know if they are filling orders this weekend?ReplyJTDecember 24, 2017 at 5:37 amI hope this works sent email will wait for replyReplyCrazi2December 23, 2017 at 10:09 amAn
 friend of mine is one of your regular customers and gets one of the big
 deals a couple times a month. I dont have big money like him but can I
get a discount since I was referred by him? He said you would know him
by his sign SARLEX.thxReplyDos BoobsDecember 22, 2017 at 9:46 pmDis shit is the sanizzel!ReplyMissyDecember 22, 2017 at 2:09 pmI have $1,300 in 20’s. This is so easy. I hope this site stays a secret for a long time!ReplyDYDecember 23, 2017 at 11:02 pmI
 have had to put two orders on hold because I’m having the worst time
trying to buy bitcon. One place is frozen and I can’t find too many.
They must think I’m a weird. I swear I will order soon, I just need to
figure out the bitcon and a good wallet.Thanks.ReplyChaseDecember 22, 2017 at 1:39 pmHey
	So I got your cash and deposited it in the bank, but I’m worrying that
the bank lady is going to call the FBI. She was looking at me
suspiciously when I deposited $5,000 cash. I joked with her I got it
selling drugs but she should know that was a joke right.ReplyEFDecember 22, 2017 at 12:17 amI
 read a lot of negative shit about this place when doing my research
(despite that I still ordered…I know I know) I did the bare minimum they
 would sell me which was 1300 bucks and I paid $325. As soon as I hit
send from my bitcoin wallet I felt a pit in my stomach that I probably
wont see the that money again.Oh.. I ordered last week btw on
wednesday. I never did get a confirmation number or anything. I even
sent a couple of emails and no response. I figured.. fucked again and
learned yet another lesson.Fast forward to this evening around
6. The door bell rings and its fedex with a delivery. It was from some
media company in fresno CA. I looked at the name and it was the fake one
 I gave when I ordered from Buy Real Money. Again, I was a skeptic and
figured there is probably a pile of shit inside the box or at least a
picture of someone flipping me off. I opened it and inside a 2 DVD’s,
brand new (Armageddon & Sphere). I remember reading in the forums
people getting DVD’s with cash inside so I opened it up and inside no
DVD’s but a mylar bag sealed shut. Inside the mylar bad was all 100
dollar bills. $1700 and not the $1300 I ordered.I am not sure
why all the bad press. Maybe its because they dont email fast. I am not
sure. I am starting to believe what others have told me that maybe
police or something are posting negative stuff in order to frighten
people away. All I know is I not only got cash but more than I paid for.
 I am really happy about that.Now I understand why the gov wants
 to shut these guys down. If they are getting this money the way they
say they are,then they are really screwing over the fed. Well I guess
good for us. I can only speak to my experience and say I paid for cash
and I got cash.My lesson from this experience, sometimes things
are what they say they are. I hope you find this informative and it
helps you in making an informed decision.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostDecember 22, 2017 at 9:16 amLE
 is always working to take us down. Unfortunately between the script
kiddies who clone our site and fuck over our clients and the Psych Ops
from LE using fake negative reviews it does keep people away.Doing
 your due diligence is important but on the dark net you have to be
careful. Reddit, youtube, deepdotweb, they have all been infiltrated by
NSA, FBI, InterPol, the IRS cyber crimes unit etc. I have stopped
trusting “reviews” a long time ago on websites. Its all bullshit anyway.
 Your best source is THW. Its the ONLY place to get real untainted
information.ReplyMcGDecember 21, 2017 at 10:01 pmI had my doubts, but its here. Thanks.ReplySmartfartDecember 21, 2017 at 9:28 pmSmells like teen spirit!!! Nope thats the smell of my 25k beautiful US greenbacks.ReplyBluKingPinDecember 22, 2017 at 4:31 amHi Admin & Buy Real Money TeamI’ve Been Trying To Reach You Guys.I know You’re Slammed (Holiday Season)But Please Respond To My Email At You’re Earliest Convince. I Don’t Wanna Miss Out On Anything.Replyjustify5720December 21, 2017 at 5:36 pmHas
 anyone here sold bit coin in person? I am trying to figure out how to
get rid of the cash and turn it into bit coin. I do not want to do any
electronic type stuff because I do not want it traced.ReplySaveMySoulDecember 21, 2017 at 3:10 pmI
 am very conflicted about this. I feel bad that its stolen money, but I
need it. So, I guess its ok. I pay taxes that the government misspends
on stupid stuff anyway. Thats me rationalizing out loud making
everything better.ReplyrobertdevilDecember 21, 2017 at 11:38 amDelivered. Thx AdminReplyNRUDecember 21, 2017 at 8:59 ami
 took a suggestion from someone who posted here and I also started
loaning out the cash i get from Buy Real Money . Fucking brilliant !!ReplyDDDDecember 21, 2017 at 3:14 amI
 was supposed to get it on Monday. Fedex was supposedly delayed. IDK.
Admin emailed me and offered extra grand for the trouble.Replymr SoloDecember 21, 2017 at 1:41 ami believe that this is real and i will get my money!!! will post updateReplyDDDDecember 20, 2017 at 11:08 pmFinally got my cash! So much for overnight…ReplyjinkyDecember 21, 2017 at 2:36 amhow long was the delay?? im waiting for my early christmas present 🙂ReplyMoneyHungryDecember 20, 2017 at 8:16 pmI love money!!!ReplySkaroDecember 20, 2017 at 4:18 pmThese
 guys rock. Its hard find to quality shit on the darkweb. These guys
provide it, plus I love their philosepthy. Screw the Government. The
money belongs to the people.Replyscorpion7December 20, 2017 at 11:17 amCheers Admin ! 5000 quid all 20’s as promised !!ReplyfzkDecember 20, 2017 at 8:51 amThank you Admin. I have the shipping information. I am looking forward to my cash arriving on Thursday.ReplyEuropaDecember 20, 2017 at 6:23 amA+++++ Euro with post to Italy.ReplyJohnny CageDecember 19, 2017 at 11:05 pmMotherfucking Bitcoin is going to be taking a big dump. By morning there will be some big losers.ReplyRapture_666December 19, 2017 at 8:55 pmi got the money. thx. not sure to deposit or just spend as cash. what is everyone else doing?ReplyDDDecember 19, 2017 at 5:14 pmI
 finally got a fucking tracking number with an apology about the delay. I
 checked the number and my package is expected sometime tomorrow.ReplyAnonymousDecember 19, 2017 at 10:19 amThis is awsome! I ordered a Rookie. I already have it spent!ReplythadueyDecember 19, 2017 at 7:29 amDollars mailed to Vietnam. $25,000 cash 10,20,100 bills. Good vendor.Thank you.ReplyKing PDecember 19, 2017 at 5:54 amMy Livingston package is all here in 20’s.ReplyDaveDecember 19, 2017 at 1:01 amGot my shipping info. I am expecting my package Friday. Ill let you know when it arrives.ReplyeltahanDecember 19, 2017 at 12:32 amThis is the 2nd God Damn time I have got cash with drugs on it! Stop it!ReplylazybitchDecember 18, 2017 at 11:21 pmI
 order euros before here. I have not exchanged them to other currency. I
 think I read somewhere here that people have exchanged them for
dollars.ReplyMeDecember 18, 2017 at 8:53 pmI want to place an order but still bit scared. Anyone who got euros and exchange them for other currencies with np?Replymosati029December 18, 2017 at 8:12 pmI have decided it is time for me to take back what is rightfully mine. I am looking forward to my 10k in a couple of days.ReplyHIGH SocietyDecember 18, 2017 at 7:33 pmI would love some of those old 1980’s series 100’s you have. I can spend some and collect some.ReplyKrazy8December 18, 2017 at 2:27 pmI
 completed my first trade with these guys and so far I am impressed.
$2500 test trade ordered last Thursday and the package arrived today.
$2500 inside a DVD case of Ghostbusters (in German) with 100’s, all post
 96 series, though a little beat up its still very spendable.I
am going to use these guys to move my bitcoin, I was going to LBC but
those fuckers low ball on price. Here I get a return plus I dont have
some large company tracking “chats” like on LBC.8Reply~iRakoDecember 18, 2017 at 10:03 amJust
 placed my first order, seems like a decent vendor. Excited to get some
cash and will keep everybody updated on the progress.ReplyDaonlyoneDecember 18, 2017 at 4:47 pmI have sent my payment, with express shipping. And I’m waiting for my tracking number… I’ll let you all know how it goes!ReplyPewDevastatorDecember 18, 2017 at 3:15 amLeGermane
 euros are the real deal and they spend like any other. I am in France
on long term assignment. Once I get back to the states I will be
ordering the USD for sure.ReplyLeGermaneDecember 17, 2017 at 10:30 pmHas anyone expirience with their Euros?ReplyKim Jon UnDecember 18, 2017 at 12:00 amI get Euro package sent to Germany with 4 orders completed here. Order #5 is expected to arrive on Thursday.ReplyMandyDecember 17, 2017 at 3:13 pmWhy
 are men such pigs! Fingering assholes, eating pussy, gross just gross. I
 imagine none of you really have a woman because if you did you would
not speak like that.ReplyMoneySandraDecember 17, 2017 at 10:45 amAre you guys shipping this week?ReplyMr. GigglesDecember 17, 2017 at 11:47 amThey are. I have a package expected Tuesday.ReplyDarkMadder69December 17, 2017 at 9:41 pmI hope so. Daddy needs some cash this week. Order #3Replykingking420December 17, 2017 at 8:55 amI am tired of the rich getting richer. We are the ones who all all the work and they make money off it. Now its my turn.ReplyBent_OverDecember 17, 2017 at 4:06 pmME TOO!Maybe with this new tax plan I get to keep some more of my moneyReplySammyDecember 17, 2017 at 3:28 amI just face fucked 2 sluts I met at the club. I used the cash and got table service and it impressed!While
 i was cumming on their face all i could think of was getting more cash.
 I lived a dream tonite thank you Admin. now i think im going to puke.
nite nite.ReplyS3ph1r0thDecember 16, 2017 at 9:39 pmCan someone from Germany tell me that this is legit? I’m considering to place an order for €…ReplydavidDecember 16, 2017 at 7:16 pmorder has been madeReplydavidDecember 17, 2017 at 6:07 pmtracking info received and cash arrives wedReplysillygoose!!!December 16, 2017 at 5:43 pmwith all this fingering asshole talk Im taking my cash and going out tonight. Im getting lucky.ReplyReznorDecember 16, 2017 at 2:05 pmBuying stolen cash feels so good and so right. Its like slipping my middle finger right up the asshole of our greedy government.ReplySajoDecember 16, 2017 at 10:22 amI placed my order as well. Looks like it wont ship till monday. It feels good to give the government the old middle finger.ReplyCujoDecember 16, 2017 at 12:45 pmMine arrives on tuesday according to the tracking info.	Waiting sucks..ReplyFUUUUUUCK VISADecember 16, 2017 at 8:01 amI sent in my last payment and paid off my balance.Preshred Cash Arrive – CheckHoliday Shopping Completed – CheckVisa Paid Off – CheckSit back & Relax – CheckReplyNew ClientDecember 16, 2017 at 1:51 amIn a nick of time….. money arrived this afternoon.	100% of what I paid fo	Like others I wish they put in a bonus insideReplystephenstrangerDecember 15, 2017 at 8:52 pmhow long does it take to verify payment?ReplyCuba LibreDecember 15, 2017 at 9:43 pmIt took about 8-10 hours for me to get my shipping infomation. I ordered in the wee hours of the morning though.ReplyBluPenniDecember 16, 2017 at 12:21 amApparently 24 HoursReplyAnyxDecember 15, 2017 at 3:36 pmChristmas money was delivered by post today. ThxReplyAmaterasuDecember 15, 2017 at 2:21 pmI love pay dayReplyColonal MustardDecember 15, 2017 at 5:56 pmME TOO!ReplysJDecember 15, 2017 at 11:11 amThe mail has arrived. The cash was very well hidden. TYReplynesexpressDecember 15, 2017 at 10:19 amI
 think its funny Welfare is judging the people on SW. Yet he is trolling
 the darkweb him/herself? Whatever dude. Fuck off and mind your own
fucking business.ReplyPAULDecember 15, 2017 at 3:55 amI placed my first order yesterday.	All details forwarded	Waiting on Admin for my tracking number!ReplyBryantDecember 14, 2017 at 9:39 pmLeGiT!:)
	I bought a mustang! Well I take that back, I put a $5,000 downpayment
on a mustang and am signed up for a monthly payment now. Dont ever spend
 more than $10,000 or it triggers a notice to the IRS!ReplyAdams FamilyDecember 14, 2017 at 7:45 pmWhy
 do you vacuum seal this cash? For domestic orders its safe enough that
you dont have to vacuum seal it. Just wondering not complaining.ReplyWelfareDecember 14, 2017 at 6:20 pmIf
 you went to college and cant get a job now thats your own damn fault.
You are being “Naturally Selected” to get the FUCK OUT OF THE GENE POOL.
 Do us all a favor and dont reproduce. Mcdonalds is always hiring just
work the fuck there for the rest of your life.	Ordering this cash is a
CRIME against all those that earning their money and paid taxes!ReplyIdiotsMakeMySkinCrawlDecember 14, 2017 at 11:28 pmPlease
 STFU!!!!!Your lack of understanding and ignorance is depressing.Just by
 me responding to your level one ass I have lost iq points.Welfare’s
plight is rampant in the US.Try living on $35,000.00 or less in the US
in 2017 it is damn near impossible.So again I say fuck out of here.Thank
 you for the serviceReplyfuck youDecember 14, 2017 at 4:06 pmfuck
 you Welfare I went to college and couldnt get a job. I depend on this
cash to pay all my bills and for my medical weed. You need to wake up
life is hard.ReplyWelfareDecember 14, 2017 at 3:37 pmYa’ll
 need to have some fucking respect for the government! Stop ordering
this cash shit and earn it like everyone else does!!	If you’re poor and
dont have money, thats your own mother fucking fault!Replypolar bearDecember 15, 2017 at 8:39 amMan
 sit ya dumb was down. All you extra sensitive mfkrs need to go smoke a
joint and shut the f* up. Nobody is without fault. Just get what u can
while the getting is good.wtf its the American way. U don’t like this
set’up then kick rocks with flip flops u big bunch of emotional p*s grow
 some balls order some cash close your fkn trap. Period.	Admin rules
bitchesReplyDilbert2December 14, 2017 at 2:43 pmHi Admin. The package was delivered on time.	Thank youReplyMaltShizzleDecember 14, 2017 at 11:24 amAdmin can we get rid of this 2 week rule. I need more cash!ReplysamDecember 14, 2017 at 10:02 amHelp i’m drowning in my own jiz!Replyhackerjunior1December 14, 2017 at 9:19 amgovernment? pussy is all that matters!ReplyPvt. JohnDecember 14, 2017 at 8:57 amI served my country and they didnt give me shit. Admin and SW has giving more than the US government ever has.ReplyinfernusDecember 14, 2017 at 7:17 amWho cares. Just keep stealing that pre-shred cash!ReplyThe Fellow TravelerDecember 14, 2017 at 4:33 amI
 agree with you @hajjilagawi. Its all screwed up. I watch all the
political things going on and they are spending BIG money, trillions of
dollars. I dont feel bad either. What Buy Real Money is doing is just a
drop in the bucket.ReplyhajjilagawiDecember 14, 2017 at 2:48 amAll
 governments are doing the same thing, not just the USA. Thats why the
darknet is important. Its a game between us and them. We just need to
use the resources from the darknet before the agencies take them down.ReplyItzaelDecember 14, 2017 at 1:52 amI
 used to run counterfeit bills. I made decent money with it but I was
always worried I would get caught. Its nice to hand over actual cash and
 not care.ReplyManman47December 14, 2017 at 1:02 amWell
 said @TaintedWhisper. I dont feel bad one bit about buying money stolen
 from the Fed. Im tired of working like crazy for nothing. I am looking
out for #1 and it feels so good.ReplyTaintedWhisperDecember 13, 2017 at 8:21 pmThe
 US is not so innocent. Look, the fact is the odds are stacked against
us. Wall Street and a few elite have control of the money system and we
are so stupid to believe in it. Listen people get your head out of your
ass and stop the rat race you are in. How hard do you work everyday just
 to get a few slips of paper that a government says is worth something.
Actually, now you dont even get paper. Its just numbers in a computer
system. In the end this will all go to shit.ReplyAnonymousDecember 13, 2017 at 8:21 pmIs email the best way to contact with questions?ReplyproballDecember 13, 2017 at 7:24 pmI’ve been getting a $5,000 package every 2 weeks for 3 months. Its worked for me. Some of you guys need to stop whining so much.ReplySamantha S.V.J.December 13, 2017 at 5:11 pmI went shopping with all the cash I got! I got such wonderful clothes!	Thank you thank you thank you!ReplyjudasDecember 13, 2017 at 2:58 pmI’m testing, I’ll write again when the order comes.Replynosense69December 13, 2017 at 2:27 pmHi, do you ship in Italy???? ship time? Can i send you an email for ask all procedures, thanks for eventually answer.ReplyDark MatterDecember 13, 2017 at 12:10 pmI was ordering counterfeit in the marketplaces but this beats anything they are offering. Real cash at discount prices.ReplyxrxDecember 13, 2017 at 8:35 amAre orders for Euros limited to every two weeks also?ReplySuperSammyDecember 13, 2017 at 3:27 amWell this is it! A few more mbits and I’m taking the plunge.ReplyAnonymousDecember 13, 2017 at 1:11 amchecking to confirm.. Just passin byReplyQualezDecember 12, 2017 at 11:29 pmAdmin you piece of shit.. My order is short $1k. Can you not count? I swear someone was using some of these bills to do drugs.ReplyMJDecember 12, 2017 at 9:58 pmHow do I get on your regular shipment list?Replyit me bro big shotDecember 12, 2017 at 8:29 pmAdmin
	I want to partner and sell your cash on Ebay. We could make so much
money that way. I sent you an email but didnt hear back. I just got my
order but you haven’t emailed me back about the Ebay deal	Big shotReplyWowonerDecember 12, 2017 at 7:36 pmthx for the euro. i will be backReplyStacyDecember 12, 2017 at 6:47 pmThanks
 Mag.. for the review it helps give me an idea of how this works. I have
 never bought anything like this before but know I have a better
understanding as to the process. I sent my email for an order. Just
waiting to here back on the next steps.ReplyDDecember 12, 2017 at 2:23 pmtest tesyReplyMegellion1992December 12, 2017 at 9:31 amLike
 many people I was skeptical when I saw this site. Cheap cash, real cash
 and not counterfeit. It seemed like a dream come true. I ordered the
25k deal. I know, probably not the smartest thing to do, I should have
tested it with $1300. I thought to myself that if its real then I need
as much as I can get.My Experience:$25,000 Order on 12-7-17Received Tracking Number from Fedex in 2-3 hoursOrder Arrived 12-12-17Large Box with Xbox 360 InsideNow
 I was a little confused here. I wasn’t sure why I was getting an Xbox
360 and at first I was pissed. I thought I had been had. I then remember
 someone writing on these forums that they received cash inside a VCR or
 something. So I open the Xbox 360 and inside was my money. They took
all the insides out and shrink wrapped the money.I counted the money and it was exactly $25,000 (Unfortunately no extra like others had experienced)I used my counterfeit pen and checked the currency none were counterfeit.I
 hope this helps. There was a lot of ups and downs ordering this. I
never bought anything online like this. Now I am glad I did and will buy
 again.Replybig tunaDecember 12, 2017 at 6:41 amseriously! this is awesome!ReplyGirlXXXDecember 12, 2017 at 2:52 amI
 have a question, we have paid our bills and then some with the cash. We
 got another $10,000 last Friday and I am not sure what to do with it. I
 know that sounds crazy. I don’t want to deposit it in the bank because
we have done that already and I don’t want to raise suspicion. I am
nervous about keeping this amount of cash in the house.	Any suggestions?Replyace2000December 12, 2017 at 8:00 pmSend it to meReplyPolar BearDecember 12, 2017 at 1:13 amI
 have used these guys a few times. They are quick to take your money but
 it took 8 days for me to get $50,000 in cash when I paid for overnight.ReplyRandDecember 11, 2017 at 10:30 pmI
 sent an email today to make the order and got the shipping number.
Arrival date is Wednesday 13 December. I got $10,000 and asked for all
100’s. They told me I could only get about 50% in 100s because of the
high demand right now.	I am not the only person getting christmas money!ReplyCuriousDecember 11, 2017 at 7:57 pmWill this go through?ReplyUnited ForeverDecember 11, 2017 at 6:51 pmThis
 is a real operation! I tested its real! I emailed the order last week
and they gave me a wallet number to send my bitcoin to. I sent it right
away received a shipping confirmation. I waited a few days more and got a
 package of money in the mail! Now I have lots of money! It real!ReplyBrooklynDecember 11, 2017 at 2:19 pmAdmin
 – Are you and your team Jewish? Jew’s are always in the middle of big
money operations like this. Bagel-Dog’s can smell it out with their big
noses.	Yes I’m one of your regular customers but not with the name
“Brooklyn” i just wanted to draw a reaction from youReplyMaple SyrupDecember 11, 2017 at 12:00 pmEveryone
 in American’t (Slur because your lazy) feels they are entitled to free
handouts as they build their Molson Muscle. This is a REALLY GOOD deal –
 Pay for it !!! I feel like us Canadians know that you need to pay for
your goods. I have ordered the $10k three times now.Replycrown11December 11, 2017 at 8:50 amcant wait to buy from Buy Real Money seems like the only legit vendor for cash on the dark web!!!!!ReplyUKDecember 11, 2017 at 6:16 amI ordered the starter pack for the uk. It arrived via post this morning. My mates and I will enjoy a Happy Christmas.ReplyhelloDecember 11, 2017 at 4:17 amtestingReplyNOOBDecember 11, 2017 at 2:45 amHey
 JC I think you are right. The system is rigged for the 99% of us who
bust our ass everyday. I was hesitant to buy here but the more I think
about it the more pissed I get at our gov and its failure to support its
 people.I am opposed to violence but I have not problem buying
here and getting back MY MONEY that the gov takes in taxes every year,
plus penalties that I calculate 😉ReplyAlmighty BloodDecember 10, 2017 at 11:14 pmI gave it a whirl and am sure glad I did. Worth a shot eh?ReplyJohnny CageDecember 10, 2017 at 10:47 pmNow
 it look like the USA futures markets are trading Bitcoin contracts. I
knew at some point these greedy banks were going to get involved and try
 to manipulate the price of Bitcoin. It wont happen. I think the banks
have met their match with Bitcoin. Immediately the price went us 22%
after the debut of the futures contracts. HAHAHA! Short sellers are not
their even though the “Fake News” says they are. More bullshit from the
conventional world. Governments hate not having control. Once again the
power is moving towards the people.ReplyGobsmackedDecember 10, 2017 at 7:30 pmI bought the 10,000 Euro package and its Brilliant.	CheersReplyHarry PotterDecember 10, 2017 at 5:40 pmI just deposited some cash in an ATM. I was HELLA nervous but it worked just like they said.THANK YOU SO MUCH!!ReplyAlejandroDecember 10, 2017 at 2:58 pmWe
 use cash lords to launder our bitcoin to cash. Its better than using
LBC and we get real cash in return. If you are involved in
“nontraditional” lines of business this is a excellent resource for your
 cash management.ReplySwissManDecember 10, 2017 at 11:26 amMany
 thanks Mr. Admin. I have the Euros now from you. It is good for me. We
will do business again. It is the only place I can receive real Euros.ReplyMannyPDecember 10, 2017 at 9:25 amSeems real tempting, is this forreal???ReplyThe_ListenerDecember 10, 2017 at 3:20 amYou got me hooked Admin. I need that good ole US greenback love.ReplyUserman100December 10, 2017 at 12:07 amLast bill is paid! My next order is ALL MINE TO KEEP!	Bill Collectors are Fucking Leeches!!!!!!!ReplythebOYDecember 9, 2017 at 11:10 pmAny German experiences here pls?ReplyHorkoJuly 5, 2017 at 10:16 pmYeah I also ask myself if the Euro notes are real… In the descrption they talk only about USD notes and where they come from.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJuly 5, 2017 at 11:43 pmHey Horko –Yes
 they are 100% genuine euro notes. We exchange USD for Euro and charge
you a little extra for the hassle to exchange it. Euro is shipped from
GermanyAdminReplyAnonymousDecember 9, 2017 at 6:30 pmNice serviceReplyundertakerDecember 9, 2017 at 3:13 pmYeah
 I have had a couple of orders that were delivered on Saturday. I
noticed that some people complained about poor service, I have never
seen it. I get my order on time each time with no bullshit.ReplyIMPRESSEDDecember 9, 2017 at 1:04 pmSATURDAY
 FUCKING DELIVERY! Not only did I get what I paid for (which is rare on
the dark web) but they delivered on SATURDAY! I got a large order of
$25k and its all there. Plus SATURDAY FUCKING DELIVERY! I am so happy I
am fucking manic right now! I need some meds to come downReplyS. StoneDecember 9, 2017 at 7:00 amOrdered December 1st. First legit vendor i’ve found here on the hw that is actully delivering product. Best Regards.ReplyfockerDecember 9, 2017 at 4:43 amnnbnbbnReplyfockerDecember 9, 2017 at 4:42 amhelloReplyAliceinpotatoelandDecember 9, 2017 at 2:27 amexpect a test purchase from me soonReplyPile of CashDecember 8, 2017 at 10:37 pmI just joined the $25k club!! Holy smokes it feels so good to hold that much cash! My next order will be for $100k!!!It
 was packaged very well. The cash was vacuum sealed inside a
non-transparent bag with a big label on it reading “First Edition of
Fahrenheit 451” and “Do not expose to oxygen until ready”. All the cash
even felt like a big thick book when vacuum sealed also. The cash was in
 good condition, no bills in really bad shape.Very pleased you just made a repeat customer!!ReplyD-HustleDecember 8, 2017 at 8:18 pmI
 been a criminal my whole life and this is by far the best shit I ever
heard of in my life… I’m new to this bitcoin stuff and I’m trying to
make this a way of living and after seeing the comments, I know this is
official… Maybe the most official thing you can do on here period, if
you guys want bitcoins and I want money… It’s a win, win situation!
Where do I sign up at?ReplyjuicylatteDecember 8, 2017 at 10:46 amheyheyheyReplyJoADecember 8, 2017 at 9:39 amPlaced order on 11/5 and sent BTC.	tracking shows it arrives tomorrow.	Pretty excited to rip into my box of $5,000ReplyArnoldDecember 8, 2017 at 3:50 amAdmin you are the man! Your service is great. IT CHANGED MY LIFE!ReplybewarnedDecember 8, 2017 at 2:16 amAdmin
 YOU sent me ANOTHER package that I didnt pay for!	So I paid for 1
package of $1,300 but got TWO packages of $1300 each! AwesomeReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostDecember 7, 2017 at 11:37 pmHi Guys & GalsWe
 had a hiccup with our systems this week which delayed responses for new
 orders. There was no impact to existing orders and those of you who get
 regular EP shipments. If you were impacted, sorry about that. Its fixed
 now and we fired the guy who fucked it up.If you are looking to
 get cash for the upcoming holidays I suggest you do it now. Last year
at this time we were slammed. We will keep send cash as long as we have
the inventory, first come, first served.Also Bitcoin has really
moved over the past 2 weeks. If you bought in prior now is the time to
leverage that. You will be able to get more cash for your coin using or
services. Take advantage of it while you can. Odds are Bitcoin will be
moving lower to make a correction soon!As a reminder, we suggest
 that you deposit less than 10,000 per week into your accounts or just
spend the cash. Do not do something stupid and attract attention. Having
 money comes responsibility. You can get really wealth very fast as many
 of our customers have. If you are uncomfortable with getting stolen
cash then I suggest you at least pay off your debts so that you are not a
 slave to the fucking banks.Be Smart & Spend Wisely My FriendsAdminPlease
 be mindful of scam sites. There are many only use products from the
hidden wiki and make sure when you communicate with us its to our
realtormoney@protonmail.com email address.ReplyMaziDecember 9, 2017 at 10:22 amI’m trying to email you guys to order the email provided keeps giving me a error notice.ReplypappyDecember 7, 2017 at 10:30 pmi
 bank with a major bank in the us and they took the cash when i payed my
 credit card. they never asked any questions and i paid off the balance
of $4300.ReplymikeDecember 8, 2017 at 12:53 pmis u for real pappyReplyKiddoJuly 3, 2017 at 8:11 amI
 dont know what Ace would say, but I suggest you dont deposit more than
5k in a 3 day period. I dont know how much you have but you dont want to
 put attention on yourself. The law is 10k in any 24 hour period, but I
like to be conservative.ReplyThepunisher117December 7, 2017 at 5:04 pmThis shit is better than counterfeit !ReplyrednozepitbullDecember 7, 2017 at 5:39 pmCan i trust this guys ?? answer me plz guys ….ReplyPillsberryDecember 7, 2017 at 3:04 pmGBP is fantastic. Deposited half in the bank and kept the other half as spending money. I will be ordering again soon.Replycrown11December 7, 2017 at 1:51 pmtest commentReplymikefrom romeDecember 7, 2017 at 3:31 amSupeer 1000euros ths you are greatReplyAnonymousDecember 6, 2017 at 11:17 pmCouple of people I know order from here and like it. I emailed them to order my first package.ReplyMr. BizJizDecember 6, 2017 at 7:04 pmFirst order delivered by post. Will order again.Replymr perfectDecember 6, 2017 at 12:13 pmtesting testingReplyMikeDecember 6, 2017 at 9:21 amI sent in my payment and I got my tracking numbers.ReplyOmenDecember 6, 2017 at 1:29 amA little slow……… I was told 3 days and it took 6. Cash is legit but I appreciate prompt service from my suppliers.ReplyWeed4MeDecember 5, 2017 at 9:12 pmReally cool service. I use it to get extra cash for my weed.ReplyDoeDecember 5, 2017 at 6:12 pmtest prior to orderReplyDrexelDecember 5, 2017 at 8:19 amOk
 I got the cash but I wish I had ordered weed instead. Cash cant make
you feel good like weed can. Whats better $500 weed or $2,500 cash? I
would rather have the weed right now. life sucks. Cash is fine though.ReplyKaliRULZDecember 5, 2017 at 12:37 pmBut its great to have the cash right?ReplyRemiDecember 6, 2017 at 11:56 pmWHOOP WHOOP!!!!ReplyJaRuleDecember 5, 2017 at 3:15 amThis is some slick shit! Ho’s gonna love this dick while i make it rainReplyBobDecember 4, 2017 at 12:16 pmI hope I did not miss the deadline for a shipment to go out today. I want it by Wed. Can you do it?ReplyHeadless HorsemanJuly 1, 2017 at 7:15 pmOmen did you get a tracking number yet?ReplyWalter WhiteDecember 4, 2017 at 6:32 pmhow long do orders usually takeReplySpeedyDecember 5, 2017 at 12:56 amIt works pretty good but overnight option sometimes take 2 days. The product however is excellent!ReplyAkitaDecember 4, 2017 at 8:30 amIt’s official. Ordered my first package. Bitcoin and email sent. Thanks again.ReplyKevinDecember 4, 2017 at 4:38 amHello, I wanna give it a tryReplyNot BadDecember 4, 2017 at 4:15 amGuys/Gals
 not sure what you are. I did get my box of cash and it passed the
counterfeit tests I used. However, it was supposed to be overnight and
it took 3 days. Not sure why. I emailed about the issue and I never got a
 response. I am considering another order but I hope the service is a
little bit better. The product is great.Replyhsbx520December 4, 2017 at 7:12 pmi wanna try to buy~anyone can tell me it is good ornot?ReplyIt WorksDecember 4, 2017 at 1:55 amThe
 last order that came in was exactly as promised, I sent Buy Real Money an
email but I also wanted to write this note. Thank you so so so so much.Reply4oA-KindDecember 3, 2017 at 9:22 pmLess
 than $3,000 in the ATM’s you might be able to do more but I am super
careful. If you keep your orders in a schedule you can easily deposit
enough that will show the large deposits as normal. I would only go
higher after than but never more than $10,000 in a week.ReplyAnonymousDecember 3, 2017 at 6:02 pmHow
 much can I deposit in the ATM? I have the money now but not sure how
much to deposit at one time in the ATM. Any feedback is appreciated.ReplyBernieDecember 3, 2017 at 3:16 pmI
 know you said not to use this cash for charity but I’ve been using it
to pay for respite care for a few old people in my community. I’ve been
spending most it on myself though, the extra goes to respite care to be
honest.ReplymichaeDecember 3, 2017 at 2:06 pmis this legitReplyHelter Skelter 666December 3, 2017 at 1:14 pmI ordered $10,000 from the site this afternoon.Replycrypto500December 3, 2017 at 11:31 amI
 dont think Bitcoin is going anywhere. It is a bunch of hype for
nothing. Though it is smart to get cash to keep in your house or some
place safe other than a bank. Governments all over the world are corrupt
 and they play with your life savings like its a game.ReplyCharlesDecember 3, 2017 at 8:40 amFingers Crossed…ReplyAlaninDecember 3, 2017 at 7:13 amOriginally
 I was skeptical about these comments being filtered, but J have seen a
few bad comments, saying it is fake and all. Ironically, That is what
sold this place to me. Expect a test orderReplySwiss WatchDecember 3, 2017 at 2:38 amThese
 are the best Euros on the darknet. High quality. I know you say they
are real I do not find any errors in them. Bought bitcoin with them in
person no problem.ReplyIvianDecember 3, 2017 at 12:45 amI hope that our cooperation will be long and productive.ReplyBAMBAMDecember 2, 2017 at 9:11 pmJust placed my order, will update when it’s receivedReplyTaco BoyDecember 2, 2017 at 4:59 pmSat delivery! I’m impressed!ReplyFootDecember 2, 2017 at 3:52 pmThis
 shit is so fucking unbelievable! I order 2 days ago and paid for
overnight! HOLY FUCKING SHIT ! Admin you change my life motherfucker !
For those who are believing this is not real GO FUCK YOURSELF!ReplyyearlingrosesDecember 2, 2017 at 12:28 pmJust placed my first order. Currently awaiting tracking information.ReplyRon JeremyDecember 2, 2017 at 11:41 amGreat site 🙂 I started out with the Rookie order and hopefully i can move my way upReplyJohnScullyDecember 2, 2017 at 9:35 amhi
 guys	I’m really interested in this service. Is it really safe to order
to lets say home address. Anybody had any issues?	thanksReplyGhostsDecember 2, 2017 at 7:52 amI’m planning on buying from Buy Real Money, but I’m out of the US. Has anyone in South America received their money?ReplyAdalbertDecember 2, 2017 at 5:01 am€10,000 zu meinem Haus geliefert. Sehr gut danke.ReplyjockyDecember 2, 2017 at 2:32 amMy
 wish came true! I didn’t get screwed over again. These guys seem like
they’re pretty new, but they deliever and thats all i care about. thanks
 a tonzz!ReplyhklDecember 1, 2017 at 10:30 pmMe too. Got another package in the mail. I’m saving up my BTC for a big orderReplyblakeseDecember 1, 2017 at 9:57 pm2 days after order I have my cash in hand. Just placed order #2. Hella aweosomeReplyJad sarieddineDecember 1, 2017 at 8:35 pmBoofy ass niggas out here hooking brotha’s up with the flow, hooken em up with the goods, the product!I always get the Green from de’s mofos’. good dealersReplyanonioDecember 1, 2017 at 5:11 pmlets give it a tryReplyYEAYEAYEADecember 1, 2017 at 2:15 pmTHIS IS FUCKING GREAT!!THIS IS AWESOMETHIS IS MOTHERFUCKING FANTASTIC!!!ReplyAceDecember 1, 2017 at 11:09 amWhy the fuck do I have to wait 3 hours for an email!ReplyFeliksDecember 1, 2017 at 6:19 amPlease
 excuse in advance my english is not exactly good. I order the euro item
 and was sent to me with post. I learn that euro are from bank and not
made with print. Thank you. I am happy.ReplyJokers_WildDecember 1, 2017 at 2:15 amI’ve been ordering for a while and they always come through. Their a bit slow but trustworthy.Admin
 tries to joke with me but i’m not a joker. He can put his jokes up his
ass and shut the hell up. I want CASH not stupid jokes. Lets keep it
professional.ReplyFootNovember 30, 2017 at 10:49 pmI’m ordering the Rookie package and i’m pretty sure this is legit !ReplyAnonymousNovember 30, 2017 at 10:17 pmAwesome service!! I was skeptical at first, but my money came and I am HAPPPPYY!!!ReplymarioNovember 30, 2017 at 8:08 pmI have gotten scammed twice in the black market.I am a Life long Buy Real Money customer. They are for real.Replyjimmy two twoNovember 30, 2017 at 4:46 pmwhy wont my comment postReplycheck checkNovember 30, 2017 at 4:36 pmcomment goes here. testing comment space.ReplyMerry ChristmasNovember 30, 2017 at 2:23 pmTime to get me some spending money $$$$$$$$$ReplyprepperNovember 30, 2017 at 11:34 amDont depend on getting extra cash. I’ve only got extra cash 2 out of my 5 orders.ReplykarlNovember 30, 2017 at 8:40 amfuck you. You didnt send me any EURO only USD CASH. I wanted Euro NOT united states of america worthless money… mother fuckersReplyChaffetzNovember 30, 2017 at 5:55 amA
 question to the people who bought money from this site, what name and
address do you give them so that you got the money, the real, the fake
or What?ReplyVladislavNovember 30, 2017 at 3:10 amIs
 Russia I hear black women are whores. Did you use whore money to pay
for first order now you have no more whore money? What you cost for a
few minutes?Thank you very muchVladislavReplyfirestarter981November 30, 2017 at 1:17 amHi Admin,i want in.i know shit about bitcoin.time to retire.need euro’s.how long wait?ReplyAmanadaNovember 29, 2017 at 11:28 pmMy cash isnt new… is that normal? I thought it would be crisp… Oh well it spends just the same…ReplybomberNovember 29, 2017 at 8:31 pmhell yes. I wanted to see if it’s legit and it is.ReplyWhat?November 29, 2017 at 6:11 pmIm
 a little dissapointed. Why did you send me just 10s? It costs more to
ship a large box with all 10s. Do you not have any larger bills? It was a
 little obnoxious if you ask me.ReplyShrederNovember 29, 2017 at 3:22 pmHy!I
 got my package yesterday from Fedex. I had it shipped right to my
house! Packaged from a well known ebay electronics vendor with that
vendors labeling. Opened the package to find a old school VHS player.
Inside the VHS player was $25,000. Excellent stealth overall. 50% $20’s,
 50% $100’s.Very pleased I will order again!ShrederReplycrowm11November 29, 2017 at 12:13 pmI
 will be ordering as soon as i get some bitcoin i am still very
skeptical about buying from the DW since i have been scammed like 5
times already but i really hope that Buy Real Money is different but there
are so many good reviews on here that i am pretty sure they are legit
and are not going to disappoint fingers crossed i will update you guys
as soon as i make my first order!!!!ReplyBitcoinNovember 29, 2017 at 9:33 amAdminYou
 guys are the best source to sell bitcoin to. Now that it is over 11k I
want to buy a few 50k packages. You have the cheapest money on that I
can find. Would you consider removing the 2 week requirement between
orders so that we take advantage of this current bitcoin market? It is
not going to last and this is a rare opportunity.ReplyBrutalms1November 29, 2017 at 4:57 amI fucking love it. Thanks for the cash. Ill be back.ReplyProton _DudeNovember 28, 2017 at 8:14 pmiwojima45No
 problems on my end. Make sure you are using Proton Mail if you are
using dark net services. Dont use gmail or yahoo or something like that.
 They monitor.Replywonder girlNovember 28, 2017 at 6:39 pmjust placed my test order. if this works, I will bring you an amazing opportunity Admin, mark my words.Replyiwojima45November 28, 2017 at 12:54 pmive
 been having my emails bounced back to me as undeliverables, anyone else
 having this issues? my order is on hold until i can get this fixedAdmin get ahold of me and help me to fix this issue.ReplyluckyNovember 28, 2017 at 12:23 pmBuy Real Money you told me i would get extra but I only got 5,500. I thought I
was going to get a full $1,000 exta? Can you send me another $500
please? I’ll be your most loyal customer but send me more cash for free
please.ReplyPie_forceNovember 28, 2017 at 8:32 amDuuuude this works wellReplyDW3November 28, 2017 at 6:43 amI will be placing an order just as soon as I get some bitcoins.ReplyldvsmNovember 28, 2017 at 2:53 amOK
 Admin I have set up a my new household budget now that I am on the
regular bi-weekly shipment list. Each shipment is 5,000 so my spending
money is as follows.Monday – Thursday $250 per dayFriday, Sat, Sun $500 per dayThanks
 to you and the team Admin I can now put my entire paycheck (minus your
fee) in savings. This is more money than I have ever had. Its weird to
get used to.ReplyAnonymousNovember 27, 2017 at 11:31 pmI put $1,000 into the offerings tray at church. Everyone saw how much I put in and they got to know I such a good person.I’m
 gonna keep putting $1,000 into the offerings tray each week until I am
100% sure everyone knows how good I am. Then I’m gonna finger-bang my
neighbors wife.ReplyE.J.November 27, 2017 at 8:05 pmI BUILT AMERICA. YOU MELLENNIALS ARE RUINING THE AMERICA I BUILT.Millennials don’t know anything about politics, money, Oppose vaccinations, lazy & selfish.I
 paid into social security and deserve to live off it for the rest of my
 god damn life. Don’t you jackass Millennials ruin it for me by buying
stolen cash from Admin. The government White Knights will throw him in
jail for reformation anytime now. He will come out of jail a Christian
man, reformed, and contribute to society by working at Mcdonalds or
Burger King.Replymedicine0967November 27, 2017 at 6:51 pmyippeee got some cash loot!ReplyHATE FEDEX!!!!November 27, 2017 at 3:28 pmI was supposed to get my delivery today and now fedex says I have to wait until tomorrow. What bull shit!ReplyanoynomousNovember 27, 2017 at 1:54 pmI feel better now my cash arrived.ReplyCrown11November 27, 2017 at 11:38 amCant
 wait to make my first purchase from Buy Real Money!!!!!!!!! Ive seen so
many good reviews from this website hopefully this is legit and I will
be the next good review i have been scammed so may times on the DW by so
 many different DW websites that i am very skeptical about every DW
website but hopefully Buy Real Money will prove me wrong.ReplyLos AlamosNovember 27, 2017 at 10:08 amHy Admin ! I got the $5,000 cash package of all $20’s! SUPER DUPER HAPPY!ReplySmilesNovember 27, 2017 at 9:30 amGot my tracking this morning. Wed is the day!ReplyMatrix0101November 27, 2017 at 5:41 amI am a regular customer here and now get regular shipments every two weeks. It has changed my life.The
 real scammers are the government. Many countries used to be on the gold
 standard. Meaning for every dollar printed the government held one
dollar worth of gold in its reserve. Now the government doesn’t use that
 standard and they just print money with nothing backing it. A dollar
bill is worth a dollar only because the government says it is.Guys
 like Buy Real Money are fucking around with their system. I am sure they
are going after them with everything they got with fake reviews and DOS
attacks etc. Of course they cant find them via tor so they do the next
best thing and try to scare people into not buying the pre shred cash.Look
 people the government has fucked us over and big banks and greedy
politicians have taken over by tweaking the system in their favor. The
team at Buy Real Money has evened the score and let us have our money back.
 The money belongs to the people. Plus, you could make much better use
of the money than your government.Just my two micro bits for what its worth.ReplyAbdel MNovember 27, 2017 at 4:19 amWe love you in Europe Admin!! You are the best deal for Euros on darknet.ReplyEasy StreetNovember 27, 2017 at 3:48 amI used to work with counterfeit currency, but now with Buy Real Money I can get the real stuff minus the risk.I
 might be in the minority, but I hope people read those fake negative
reviews and stay away from here. The less people who know about it the
more cash that’s available for me to order.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 27, 2017 at 1:01 amHello Good PeopleIt
 has been a VERY busy week. Most people wanted overnight in time for
Black Friday. I assume to do holiday shopping in the USA. The orders
have brought our USD inventory down but we still have plenty for
additional orders. We also have refreshed our GBP inventory for our UK
clients.Once again a reminder for international orders. You need
 to tell us when you make your order that you want the cash shipped
internationally. Otherwise your quote will not be correct and IT WILL
DELAY YOUR SHIPMENT!As many of you know we have debated whether
or not to go private and stop accepting new orders. As opposed to doing
that we are going to change the Elite Program membership. We are only
going to be accepting a few new members and we are likely to be changing
 our membership requirements, essentially making it more difficult to
join. Those changes will be announced in the next few weeks.Last
 thing, READ THE WEBSITE… We get lots of emails where people are asking
questions that are already answered on our website. We are going to stop
 responding to those emails. This is cheap cash and a quick way to
really change your financial situation. Do yourself a favor and pay
attention. If we get one more email asking if this is counterfeit I am
going to puke! WE DO NOT DEAL IN COUNTERFEIT. ONLY REAL CASH!Spending Wisely My Friends,AdminReplyIvankasVagNovember 28, 2017 at 10:28 pmSorry
 Admin. I sent the extra bit coin as your requested for international
post. I will make sure to read the directions carefully for future
orders.ReplytestingNovember 26, 2017 at 8:45 pmtesting comment sectionReplyiwojima45November 26, 2017 at 7:20 pmive been checking this out for a few days seeing the good and the bad comments,	im going to give it a try, wish me luck 😉ReplyDiamond DNovember 26, 2017 at 2:34 pmThank you. I love this cash. Don’t stop.ReplyAnonymousNovember 26, 2017 at 8:06 amI Sent them Payment and it took 4 days for the cash to arrive. I paid for overnight	Fuck You Guys!!ReplyTruth4moneyNovember 26, 2017 at 3:50 amIt’s
 been 6 weeks since I started ordering from Admin and I have yet be
disappointed with the process, I’ve ordered it 2 times so far. I dont
care if they are getting the cash from aliens, chinese, indians, the FED
 or where ever else. This deposits into an ATM and bank tellers have no
problems with it. So I continue to buy. Thanks Admin!ReplyDukeNovember 26, 2017 at 2:42 amA few years ago Barack Obama would have been getting us coffee.ReplyanoynomousNovember 26, 2017 at 12:56 amHi,
 my tracking show the package hasnt moved in 10 hours. Its supposed to
arrive tomorrow. I sent you an email can you just confirm it will arrive
 tomorrow like the tracking shows?ReplyBostonNovember 25, 2017 at 10:54 pmMy tracking information says it will arrive tomorrow. I hate waiting.ReplyAmit3003November 25, 2017 at 8:27 pmI was sweating like crazy at the bank but the deposit went through with no problems. $2500 in the bank!ReplyFLUCKNovember 25, 2017 at 11:32 amHey
 “looking for money” its legit but they sure do take a while. It
sometimes takes 24-48 hours for them to respond. Sometimes it takes 2
days to get their “Overnight” packages. Kind of shady if you ask me.
They should offer better service.ReplyCryptoEvilNovember 25, 2017 at 2:13 pmNot to rub it in but I got mine just in time. I spent $2500 in 1 day! Black Friday…more like Black Hole FridayReplyLooking for moneyNovember 25, 2017 at 8:29 am, is this legit?Got Scammed alot of times in the deep web.Is all the money 100% real?ReplyAnonymousNovember 25, 2017 at 3:27 amI
 am starting a Dark Web Website called “OBESE Butt Lovers”. Featuring
massively overweight ladies butts. Like so fat they cant stand up.Any interest from this Community?Replytestee123November 24, 2017 at 10:09 pmSame
 here. I read so much negative shit about this place but did a small
order anyway to see for myself. I never paid attention to the “fake
news” concept but now I believe it. I was told I was stupid and I would
not receive anything, and I was a sucker.Well…..I did get a
box…. and $5,000 was inside a wrapped birthday present. It even had a
birthday card! So to the Law Enforcement pieces of shit who are posting
fake shit to scare people away. Fuck you! Just because you have a low
paying piece of shit job dont take away the ability for the rest of us
have some $$$Replyrealtime testNovember 24, 2017 at 9:56 pmrealtime testReplyD SwonkNovember 24, 2017 at 5:55 pmI
 thought for sure this was going to be a scam. I ordered anyway and
figured I will probably get a box of dog shit or something. To my
surprise Fed ex came and delivered today and it was all real cash. thx
AdminReplyPinkNovember 24, 2017 at 2:10 pmSooooo
 im really interested in this. But i have nooooo idea how to purchase, i
 dont know how to convert USD into bitcoins. Can anyone help?ALSO, is it safe to use a fake yahoo email to contact?ReplyDick HeadNovember 25, 2017 at 12:06 amIs this truly real ?ReplyTheCashManNovember 24, 2017 at 11:01 amTESTING TESTING .. Making Sure The Reviews Are Working …ReplyCidNovember 24, 2017 at 5:56 ami only ordered pound sterling not the other ones. the pound sterling is really good. new notes.ReplybutchNovember 24, 2017 at 1:55 amis protonmails onion address down? its not working.ReplyshredNovember 23, 2017 at 9:40 pmI
 just put in my first order. I will post another review when I receive
my package and don’t get any feds knocking on my door, haha.ReplyyestguyNovember 23, 2017 at 5:16 pmI was hoping to get my cash before today. It is not arriving until Monday. 🙁ReplyNate HiggersNovember 23, 2017 at 3:02 pmIm going to try them out now, they look reputable enoughReplyChuck NorrisNovember 23, 2017 at 10:52 amYOu
 are the BEST!!! Saved a life of a poor college student!! Cannot thank
you enough!! I even flew home for Thanksgiving in First Class!ReplyAnonymousNovember 23, 2017 at 11:49 amWaiting for a response from AdminReplyjudouNovember 23, 2017 at 3:19 amtest test!!ReplyHmmmmmNovember 23, 2017 at 2:43 amBuy Real Money1 OF THE $100’s DID NOT GO THROUGH THE MACHINE ATM!IS SOMEONE GOING TO RESPOND TO ME???????????????1 OF THE $100’s DIDNT GO THROUGH AN ATM!!! I HAD TO GO INSIDE INTO THE BANK. VERY UPSET I WANT MORE CASH. BADReplyCookieMOnsterNovember 22, 2017 at 8:28 pmI
 think its funny they send money inside of DVD cases. Unfortunately
these are old movies I am not interested in. I can go buy my own movies
if I want to.ReplyJarod KushnerNovember 22, 2017 at 5:03 pmJust in time… Cash arrived. Happy Thanksgiving!ReplyMicoNovember 22, 2017 at 9:27 amThe tracking site says I should get delivery today. I hope so I need it today and tomorrow everything is closed.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJuly 5, 2016 at 5:41 pmSure, we’ll solve your questions by email, this section is only for reviews! Write us, thanks.ReplyCopenhagen5150November 23, 2017 at 12:02 amTest, test, Happy Thanksgiving to all. I will place an order next week.ReplySBNovember 22, 2017 at 4:05 amI also was wondering if this was a ponzi scheme. But I got $5,000 in the Fedex. Awesome.ReplyThoughtsNovember 22, 2017 at 2:14 amOrdered last week, and it arrived yesterday. A little slower than I hoped. Tracking is legit.Replyanon123November 22, 2017 at 12:53 amI find Euro acceptable. It not counterfeit and spends at vending machine.ReplyJoJoYoNovember 21, 2017 at 10:42 pmHey
 Admin, I ordered the 1,300 on Oct 12th, then $10,000 on Nov 1st. I had
no issues with either order. If I do a youtube review can I get 10% off
of your Master package?ReplyGood Euro BuyNovember 21, 2017 at 6:05 pmAuthentic notes without counterfeit. it is my new site to purchase real money.ReplyAnonymousNovember 21, 2017 at 5:19 pmArrived. TYReplyHappy PappyNovember 21, 2017 at 3:58 pmgot
 the rookie package now i am going to order the semi pro hopefully this
is legit and not a Ponzi scheme. is it true i have to wait 2 weeks to
order again?ReplyJacksonNovember 21, 2017 at 1:21 pmAdmin
	What’s going on man? I got a really beat to hell $10’s bill. Did I pay
for $590 or $600? Do the right thing and send me ANOTHER $10 bill man.ReplyT-RexNovember 21, 2017 at 3:50 amI
 am really happy I found this place. I paid for 10k. This will be a
great way to get my holiday shopping out of the way. My family is going
to have one hell of a holiday now. I hope it gets here before Friday.
10k can buy me a lot of deals.ReplyTHEMANNovember 21, 2017 at 12:08 amThank you Buy Real Money! Order Received again! #9ReplyThankfulNovember 20, 2017 at 6:37 pmThanksgiving
 is coming up and I am so greatful for this place. I did an overnight so
 I can get it before thursday. I need some black friday money.ReplykeenerNovember 20, 2017 at 3:09 pmGot the USD in Canada. Just wanted to let all you hoser’s know.ReplyCash is Okay I GuessNovember 20, 2017 at 12:47 pmResponse time could use some work, but then again I am very impatient! Hoping my cash arrives before black Friday 🙂Replydude perfectNovember 20, 2017 at 11:23 amI
 just looked though all the $10’s I got trying to find a “Silver
Certificate” with no luck. Anyone find one or are those long gone?ReplyAnonymousNovember 20, 2017 at 9:33 amgetting more cash in the mail tomorrow. Sometimes they send me extra cash sometimes not.	DON’T COUNT ON GETTING EXTRAReplyEuroNovember 20, 2017 at 5:05 amIs it possible to get 100.000 Euro? The 25.000 Euro package was very good and we would like to move to the next level.ReplyKarlNovember 21, 2017 at 4:58 amI
 am an EP member here and have buying Euros from them for awhile. My
recommendation is to not try to buy that much. Plus SW does not offer
that large of an amount as far as I know.EU regulators are
watching accounts also, not only in the USA. If you are depositing the
money keep the amounts low. If you are smart you can keep using this
resource and make a lot of money.ReplyMr. ThorNovember 19, 2017 at 11:52 pmI want to buy from them lets see if this worksReplyMad DogNovember 19, 2017 at 9:54 pmthis
 is completely worth it in every way shape and form. After the first
package I am hooked and buy as much as I can every time. Buy Real Money
takes 2+ days to ship sometimes longer so buy as much as you can. I also
 think their going to get busted at some point. They also make you wait 2
 weeks to order again. Booooooo!ReplyJallentinoNovember 19, 2017 at 8:01 pmThis
 has given me the chance to travel around the world with my wife. I told
 her that I got alot more vacation days this year at my job.ReplyDr.???November 19, 2017 at 4:54 pmI am unable to sleep. My tracking details tell me the quid arrives tomorrow I have so many ideas on where to spend it.ReplyFreakoutUFONovember 19, 2017 at 12:40 pmI
 ordered cash from them and then used it to buy gold because the world
is going to end VERY SOON. It should have ended in 2012 but the aliens
stopped it.ReplyLongdickNovember 19, 2017 at 9:21 amYou guys are great!	It even works all the way to germany!! Dollars accepted at my local bank here in germany! wow!!ReplyjhacksbackNovember 19, 2017 at 5:34 amGetting ready to place my first order will let everyone know how it goes sure Hoping this worksReplytmoneyNovember 19, 2017 at 2:03 amA++ReplyThewatcher22November 18, 2017 at 10:56 pmThese guys take care of me.ReplyWindowlicker69November 18, 2017 at 10:34 pmIs this real?ReplyjackNovember 20, 2017 at 7:44 pmIts
 crazy sick legit! Try it out with there small stuff. They wont sell
anything that is not on their site. I tried to get like $500 and they
said no. Glad they passed on my offer. i grew some balls and got the
rooky. Got it in a DVD case. Titanic. The movie sucks.ReplySoon 2B RichNovember 18, 2017 at 8:12 pmPlaced
 order the other day. And email response was quick, sent payment &
got shipping info. the package looks like it will be here 11/23/17ReplyExploitsMeNovember 18, 2017 at 6:07 pmI’m going to give it a try by this week!ReplyFU GOV!!!November 18, 2017 at 2:00 pmNice strategy to earn money from a currupt government ./ Well Done Guys!ReplyDOX!November 18, 2017 at 10:40 ami want to order much more than on your page? how can i?Reply...... HomerNovember 18, 2017 at 7:51 amHow long does a delivery take to Germany?ReplycreedNovember 18, 2017 at 5:36 amplease help me…	Admin… can the x-ray scanner detect the money in your packages ?!ReplyDan ANovember 18, 2017 at 3:21 amJust
 FYI from anyone considering buying from Canada. All 10,000 USD arrived
by post. No issues. I actually found one 20 UK pound note in my stack.
No worries. I think I frame it.ReplyMiguelNovember 17, 2017 at 11:07 pmFuck it! Im trying these guys out. If it works then Im set for life.ReplyFogulNovember 17, 2017 at 8:20 pmEmail
 response was average about 48 hour response time. But I paid and got my
 cash. Shocking & suprised I almost thought this wasnt real.ReplyDA03November 17, 2017 at 5:54 pmtesting. very interestedReplyCullenNovember 17, 2017 at 2:05 pmI’ll give you guys a shot, please don’t screw me though. Or at least buy me dinner firstReplyreal dealNovember 17, 2017 at 11:34 amOvernight delivery – product just arrived today.Reply010011November 17, 2017 at 3:01 amIve
 been scammed on the deep web before. I was going to try one other
vender and Buy Real Money seemed the most legit. I placed my order and they
 sent me tracking info. Now I’m just waiting on the product. I’ll follow
 up in a few days to let you all know.ReplyjamesNovember 16, 2017 at 11:39 pmHey guys this sounds like a easy way to make money, is it really that easy?ReplyJame765November 16, 2017 at 9:53 pmCash arrived in perfect timing! Thanks!ReplyChuck NorrisNovember 16, 2017 at 8:22 pmI
 am in college and I use my cash for HOOKERS:) Backpage . com all the
way!! The hookers love the cash. I cant get a girl unless I pay them…Replykd12355November 16, 2017 at 6:10 pmi want to buy a BIG order. All my friends at school are getting packages from you guys . I want one alsoReplyjonesingNovember 16, 2017 at 2:05 pmordered 3 days ago. paid for overnight shipping, just got $2,500 cash in the mail today.Replylive_it_upNovember 16, 2017 at 12:41 pmwhat email should i use to place my order?!ReplyP.T.A. ActivistNovember 16, 2017 at 10:08 amI
 HOPED this was a scam but then I got cash in the mail. DO YOU REALIZE
THIS BUSINESS IS RUINING THE US ECONOMY? When cash that is marked for
shredding is reintroduced into the economy it devalues the US currency.
DO NOT BUY!!! DO NOT BUY!!! You are ruining the US Nation! They will
really send you money and it will slowly ruin this nation! I cant
believe this website exists. Only the government can save us now. I hope
 the federal reserve catches you and STOPS YOU.YOU ARE RUINING THE ECONOMY WITH YOUR PRE-SHRED CASH. STOP SENDING MONEY OUT. STOP IT STOP IT STOP IT.ReplyBewuNovember 16, 2017 at 6:57 amtestReplyshymanNovember 16, 2017 at 4:47 amhi please can i order from AfricaReplyLets SeeNovember 16, 2017 at 12:01 amGet the feeling this is awesome:) Package 1 day away says the trackingReplyyarpieNovember 15, 2017 at 11:13 pmGot
 my order in 2 days with the express shipping option. The packaging was
very clever, especially for big package. So far everything is working as
 advertised.Got the $25,000 Package. No issues.Replymegzzx48~November 15, 2017 at 9:48 pmAnother successful order. NICEReplyBluPenniNovember 15, 2017 at 7:49 pmHow Do I Get Started I’m A Noob To this but I want in. I Need further instruction.ReplyTesting this fourmNovember 15, 2017 at 3:08 pmJust wanting to see if this goes through. If does this is a trusted forum. Do not know about service.. yetReplyhellionNovember 15, 2017 at 11:17 amplaced
 my order and got a tracking confirmation 10 hours later. kind of slow
response time right? followed the tracking until it showed up today. I
ordered the $5,000 package and he gave me $5,500 which is nice. “Admin”
with Buy Real Money makes lots of stupid jokes but i got my cash. he can
keep his jokes to himself in the future. just keep sending me the money
and shut the hell upReplyCopenhagen5150November 15, 2017 at 1:49 pmTesting, testing get that money.ReplylemonandapaairNovember 15, 2017 at 4:29 amtesting testing, will my comment show up?ReplyPorn ExpertNovember 15, 2017 at 1:10 amJust
 sent them my bitcoin and shipping info and am awaiting a response. I
hope they don’t take too long to mail me back because it’s been a day. I
 swear if I get that cash in the mail I’m gonna shit my pants.ReplyGeebyNovember 14, 2017 at 2:27 pmjust got the cash in the mail today too. it feels good to stick it to the MAN. $10k richer.ReplyBroke NiggaNovember 14, 2017 at 10:21 amis everyone getting their packages shipped directly to their residence or to a drop address?ReplyanonymousNovember 14, 2017 at 11:27 amI just send an email. I’m waiting more instructions. I will keep you updated.ReplyArrivalNovember 14, 2017 at 8:38 amI´ve ordered 5k and tracking says it arrives today. I will believe it when I see it!ReplyUPDATENovember 14, 2017 at 12:12 pmDelivery
 was made this morning. Inside was the cash and the amount I ordered. I
am going to test the cash to ensure it is real. I will update again when
 I finish.So far I am impressed.ReplyCackster785November 14, 2017 at 3:46 amthe
 bitcoin buy directions confused the fuck outta me can anyone help?	Like
 when i go to localbitcons.com do i have to select cash deposit or can i
 buy the bitcoins using paypal?ReplyRenuzitNovember 14, 2017 at 12:17 amI
 just Ordered my first package, not gonna lie the whole communication
process has taken a long time still waiting to receive my tracking info,
 Will let you all know how it goes…hope its legitReplyAnonymousNovember 13, 2017 at 11:57 pmI will have sex with you for cash!ReplyMoney happyNovember 13, 2017 at 10:13 pmAnyone part of the $25,000 a bi-weekly club? HELL YEA:)ReplyMickyNovember 14, 2017 at 8:11 pmYeah I want in!!! How do you do it?ReplyJohnny CageNovember 14, 2017 at 10:55 pmI
 am not sure the requirements now, it used to be 10k package or higher
then 2 weeks after delivery you can sign up for the regular shipments.
There is usually a nice discount. I got in early, so I dont think the
same terms apply.ReplyLSD 4 LIFENovember 13, 2017 at 9:21 pmJust
 another other received. Thought I would let you all know they are still
 sending out money. I dont know if this is a scam or not but I DO get
legit cash in the mail.ReplyAngry PirateNovember 13, 2017 at 3:51 pmWhat
 wallet do you guys all use, because every time i try sending it via
onion wallet I get a white screen of death and nothing happens.ReplyHelloNovember 13, 2017 at 2:16 pmThey
 are just assholes because they have so much money. They probably get
all the hot blonde girls. I’m stuck with a nasty brown haired fat girlReplynirc mr whiteNovember 13, 2017 at 12:59 pmI send you message , talk with me.ReplyAtariBoy1983November 13, 2017 at 9:37 amTHIS IS REAL!!HOLY SHIT THIS IS REAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!THIS IS REAL FUCKING MAIL DELIVERY THIS MORNING!!!ReplyvixendollNovember 13, 2017 at 5:31 amBuy Real Money TeamCan somebody please contact me about my order I got more than I asked for and I dont want to get in trouble.ReplyTrump RULZNovember 13, 2017 at 3:01 amI
 read reviews that said I should not buy from you guys but I am glad I
did. Money arrived last week and I had no problems. I guess its more
money for me.I get more when they let me. They said I have to wait 2 weeks. I think thats dumbReplyDankMemesNovember 13, 2017 at 1:56 amThis is da shit boy\iReplymachoNovember 13, 2017 at 12:04 amI used the cash I got to buy a PERFECT hooker. She was like a 10/10. Best night of my life but it cost me $1200ReplyAnonymousNovember 12, 2017 at 10:29 pmHey this is one of the FEW legit websites on the dark net.Trusted for everReplyRyanNovember 12, 2017 at 8:36 pmI also will be ordering this week and will post honest review.Replygrievous bodily harmNovember 12, 2017 at 6:58 pmI’ve gotten 3 orders so far.	I never order less than the $25,000 package anymore.	TOO LEGIT TO QUIT.ReplyGeebyNovember 12, 2017 at 3:23 pmI was shorted $20 on my previous order but they gave me an extra $500 on my next order. Thanks bastards! Dont screw us againReplyGGNovember 12, 2017 at 1:27 pmTest testReplyjackyNovember 12, 2017 at 11:13 amis can deliver also in Asia?. . .ReplyCASHMAN$$November 12, 2017 at 8:17 amYou sent me 1600 and I only paid for 1300. I hope you dont mind… but I am not returning itReplyMarkasNovember 12, 2017 at 3:54 amI will spend this in about a day! Thanks guys!ReplyShitty ServiceNovember 11, 2017 at 9:13 pmFirst
 shipment was without problems and I was happy. I asked for another
order now that I know they deliver and wont let me. Some bullshit about
waiting 1 month.You have a customer ready to buy AGAIN and you turn him away? You guys suck!ReplycachoNovember 11, 2017 at 1:29 pmThese
 guys have been good to me. I live in Mexico but I drive over the
boarder to my UPS store mailbox and pick up my delivery. The best part
is the money is real and I can spend it with no problems.Reply?????November 11, 2017 at 9:58 amFedex
 finally showed up this morning. I ordered overnight last Monday!!!!!
Shitty service for stolen cash. IDK if I am ordering again.I know there are tons of positive reviews and happy customers but my experience so far has not been so good.They probably wont post this. Lets see.ReplyJohnny CageNovember 11, 2017 at 4:35 amThanks for the updates as always Admin. Maybe now is a good time to go private and just work with your high end clients?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 11, 2017 at 3:10 amHi Guys/GalsFinally
 some good news for our European clients, we made a deal with our
“vendor” so the Euro inventory will be going back up. I know many of you
 were waiting until that issue was resolved before ordering. Order up we
 are ready for you.Fucking scammers are out in full force now as
 we head into the USA holiday season. We are seeing more clones then
ever. We have evidence that a large amount of it is state sponsored but
there are a few script kiddies out there looking for quick cash.BE
 CAREFUL and make sure that every page you are on is Buy Real Money
http://http://moneylmhqamhzfcw6qm2no375eku2brclbilrzy7ae4364l75nhvtnyd.onion Some of the script kiddies out there are
not even bothering to change the site just the email address. Only send
emails to realtormoney@protonmail.com anywhere else and you are NOT
TALKING TO US.We are working hard to take down clones. We have
code that has worked well in helping us identify people who steal our
site. We already found one dickhead in India. Dont worry we left him
alone but his family ran into some problems. Lets just say he is done
fucking around with us.I am getting a lot of questions about how
 we get our cash and how to use it. All of these questions are answered
on our site. Its easy money people READ READ READ. Dont be lazy!A
 few final thoughts…………… The US elections have brought to light the use
of state sponsored misinformation “Fake News” this is something most of
us in the darknet knew about for years. I can tell you personally that
gov agencies are trying VERY VERY HARD to bring us down but the
technology makes it difficult for them. They use “Fake News” to sour our
 reputation and now they are stepping up clones and screwing over our
customers in order to discredit us. We will not let it stop us!Our
 goal since day 1 has been clear. The 1% has taken advantage of us for
too long. Now the 99% is getting their deserved share. Get yours.
Nothing good lasts forever. Do not miss out, but be cautious.AdminReply40November 11, 2017 at 2:50 amdont
 know what to say about this shit here boy fr, I’m scared as shit
gotdamn,but if this is real I WONT TELL NOBODY ELSE ABOUT THIS,IT WILL
BE MONEY TIME$$$$$$$$$$$ReplyBoo WhooNovember 10, 2017 at 11:55 pmcheap money is so greatReplysapphireNovember 10, 2017 at 11:28 pmI
 really do not recommend this place. It is evil. They sent me 5 grand
and I used it to pay off a debt. Now all I do is feel guilty that I
bought stolen money. Even if it is from the gov like they say.I feel sadReplyhappinessNovember 13, 2017 at 5:30 pmgratitude = a great attitudeplease don’t be sadcount your blessingsReplycapitalistNovember 10, 2017 at 9:07 pmThumbs Up!ReplyKid BlastNovember 10, 2017 at 4:44 pmHey ya’ll darknetters i’m waiting on my order also, The shipment tracking shows it arriving Monday.ReplyToborNovember 10, 2017 at 3:34 pmI just got my order today!ReplyTinaNovember 10, 2017 at 1:25 pmA
 breath of fresh air for us would-be cyber entrepreneurs. If you’ve ever
 had even a twinge of interest in extra cash and breaking free of the
rat race, I highly recommend you order this product. Buy Real Money is very
 generous in their offer. BRAVA, Buy Real Money. Outta the park!ReplyNo oneNovember 10, 2017 at 11:48 amI LOVE YOU GUYS. I PAID FOR A NEW CAR WITH THIS CASH.ReplyAnonymousNovember 10, 2017 at 10:16 amTrusted +1ReplyhorseNovember 10, 2017 at 8:10 amFirst time buyer on the deep web. You guys are the best. I pay my mortgage with this cashReplyKoreaNovember 10, 2017 at 3:53 amI did delivery to Seoul 1 week and a half ago and delivered today. Very happyReplyHamburgNovember 9, 2017 at 9:11 pmEuro Paket angekommen. Der Penner Angela Merkel, I dont want Muslims or other religions in Germany. die Arschmade!ReplyDianaNovember 9, 2017 at 7:45 pmThis
 is the first time I have ever done something like this but I am glad I
did. I ordered on Sunday & bought the $1300 deal. It arrived today
with all hundred dollar bills. Like others have said they are used but
no different than bills you would get from the bank.ReplyforgetmenotNovember 9, 2017 at 4:10 pmJust watching the tracking info every 10 seconds. Hopefully there is cash in the package and dont porn adsReplytest1111November 9, 2017 at 9:56 amtest12345ReplypanthermaNovember 9, 2017 at 2:07 pmtest testf testReplySkepticNovember 9, 2017 at 5:54 amI
 am HIGHLY skeptical!!! I got the $1,300 cash package but I straight up
think its drug money because its in GOOD shape. I thought this was cash
selected for disposal? The cash works in ATM’s but I think there is
something very fishy going on. personally I think these guys may be the
Chinese trying to destroy the USD.ReplyNeverGonnaGYUNovember 9, 2017 at 2:38 amThese
 guys are really professional through e-mail. Love this comment section
too. Makes it interesting. You know, I was on this forum once. Admin
reminds me of the lead gent there. Super awesome to people that are
smart, but lets it rip when someone being a complete nincompoop.Cheers!P.S. Yes, I am a real person. No, this is not a post from the guys who run this site.ReplyparegoricNovember 9, 2017 at 12:05 amI’ve
 been brainstorming some ways to come up with extra cash working from
home. Just when I thought I had conceived every possible legitimate
plan, I found this gem and got cash in the mail:)Reply$5k RicherNovember 8, 2017 at 10:35 pmCouldn’t be happier! Received my $5,000 order via USPS Priority Mail.ReplyJuan ValdezNovember 8, 2017 at 6:20 pmVery good product for the money. Top 5 onion sites!ReplyDissapointedNovember 8, 2017 at 3:31 pmMy “2-3” shipping took 4 days. I feel like I got fucked over.ReplyKanone1000November 8, 2017 at 2:42 pmHello,How is that with the euros now?where are they come from ?Has anyone already ordered euro?How good is the ware?ReplyThe Rich BitchNovember 8, 2017 at 10:29 amGo figure I did not get what I ordered. How hard is it to send all 100s? I have more fucking 20s than I know what to do with.ReplyH.November 8, 2017 at 6:36 amHello Admin,	I want make silver order, check my email	ThxReplyDanNovember 8, 2017 at 3:15 amSingle
 dad here with 2 very young children. This seems like a dream come true
to fix my immediate financial issues. But as a single father it’s scary
to do something like this because if I were to get into trouble… I worry
 about my kids. But really, it just seems like selling bitcoin for more
than the going price. And there is no law against that, only that we are
 knowingly receiving stolen property.If they setup a second,
fake website that doesn’t say the money is stolen, it could just be a
front saying that they buy bitcoins for above market value, then anyone
caught could say they were just selling bitcoins on this website that
shows nothing about it being stolen. Just an idea.The casino
idea is great. Just put a hundred or so into a machine, play a few
spins, print your ticket, go to another machine, repeat.. At the end, go
 to one of the atm’s that take your tickets and cash out. So you may
lose $50 out of $1000, still making a profit and still getting back
fresh bills to ease your mind about putting them in the bank. Not to
mention the slot machines are a great test of the bills to show they are
 real.Anyway, I am going to give it a shot and just buy the $350
 package and see how it goes. If it goes well, i’ll wait the 2 weeks and
 grab the big package (not my dick), and fix all my financial problems.ReplyDan 2.0November 10, 2017 at 12:50 amHey man i am in the same situation. I did the semi pro. I will update 2 when it comes.ReplyAnonymousNovember 7, 2017 at 11:35 pmI think one of my bills has cocaine residue on it…ReplyAnonymousNovember 13, 2017 at 11:58 amALL bills have thatReplyburnmoneyfastNovember 7, 2017 at 8:18 pmI’m just testing to see if this is posting in real time or not.ReplyConanNovember 7, 2017 at 7:42 pmThe box was sitting at my front door when I came home from work today. Like others have said it is a nice surprise.ReplyEuro BoundNovember 7, 2017 at 10:05 amTook
 my cash deposited it at the bank and used my debit card for 2 tickets
from USA to London, hotel and tube passes. My boyfriend and I have never
 been out of the country before. We are excited.The bank had no
issues depositing the money and I had instant access to it through my
debit card. The teller even gave me a lollipop.Replymr.xNovember 7, 2017 at 1:47 pmMy
 wife and I did some traveling thanks to SW. We are doing a cruise in
the springs. I never thought I was going to retire but here I am.ReplyDieterNovember 7, 2017 at 6:21 amIch bestellte das Copper Package und erhielt euro in Deutschland. Danke. Ich werde wieder bestellen.Replyking of saudi arabiaNovember 6, 2017 at 11:48 pmtesting testing 123ReplyChannel8November 6, 2017 at 11:10 pmOk, I received my first shipment from these guys. Here is my review.Order: $10,000 Express ShippingPaid: $1,250 (Paid in Equivalent Bitcoin)Tracking Received: 18 Hours (I did order on a Sunday)Package Delivered: 4 days from paymentShipping Method: FedexShipping Quality: Standard. Used DVD Cases with Cash Inside.Product Quality: Real USA notes 100 & 20. Pen tested and pro-grade machine counter with counterfeit detection capabilityOverall
 Review: Not bad. These guys definitely got their hands on real cash. I
can see no reason not to be able to spend it or deposit it as they
described. Though I have not deposited the money at a bank. I have no
intention of doing so.Vendor Rating: BReason: They ship what
 they advertise and the stealth shipping method is good. Product was
delivered on time, but email response can be slow. Otherwise they would
have earned an A.I hope this helps.8ReplyRangerRickNovember 7, 2017 at 9:02 amSounds good to me.	Where did they ship for you? I don’t feel comfortable with vendors shipping to my home addy.ReplyMafiaManNovember 6, 2017 at 8:25 pmCash arrived. Finally. Thank you. I will order again in a few weeks.ReplyRonNovember 6, 2017 at 2:23 pmI did my first order yesterday, I’m waiting on my tracking number…I’ll Keep you posted as to how my first experience goes.ReplyBogartNovember 8, 2017 at 8:51 pmHow did this end up for you?ReplyDOUG BECKNovember 6, 2017 at 12:47 pmlooking to put an order in from these guys, hope its real. seems to good to be true.ReplyMoneyNovember 6, 2017 at 9:30 amjust CheckingReplyMan BoobsNovember 6, 2017 at 9:04 amJust watching the tracking info. LMFAO – I check the tracking like every 2-3 minutes.ReplymikeNovember 6, 2017 at 3:49 pmis u for real man boobsReplyAnonymousNovember 7, 2017 at 1:58 amBoobs you are not alone. I do the same thing. I think thats my OCD kicking in lolReplyBank of ZurichNovember 6, 2017 at 6:19 amAdmin keep us updated about Euro. I too need a large order filled.ReplyG-ma's TamponNovember 6, 2017 at 12:07 amGrammy
 loves her some young stud with a nice stiff cock. Now Grammy can pay
for that lovely cock whenever she wants. PRESHRED RULES!ReplyMetronNovember 5, 2017 at 10:44 pmMike	I have done it 2 times……Not all the notes are clean and crisp and some are really poor condition but it spends.ReplyFrench ConnectionNovember 5, 2017 at 9:32 pmMr. AdminWhat
 is the progress of the deal with the Europe trader? Will you be getting
 more Euros this week? I want to make a large order and ensure it
arrives promptly.ReplymikeNovember 5, 2017 at 6:23 pmguys is this real cause im about to orderReplyEmptyInsideNovember 5, 2017 at 3:04 pmI
 totally forgot fedex delivered on saturday. Got my package yesterday I
just thought it would come monday. I guess i spaced it when I looked at
the tracking. It was a $2,500 package the bills are in “Good” condition,
 spendable but not new and crisp.ReplyJaxx1987November 5, 2017 at 11:42 amI dont think its a problem. I deposited 5k in the Atm. I am waiting for it to post to my account so I can off my cc’sReplyAnonymousNovember 5, 2017 at 6:32 amI
 bought the $2500 one, will I have any problems depositing the entire
amount or do I need to do smaller amounts? Please help..I want to stay
safe.ReplyAGREEDNovember 5, 2017 at 3:14 amWell
 said Cage! I think that’s why we are here. This is the best kept secret
 and I hope it stays that way for a long time to come.ReplyJohnny CageNovember 5, 2017 at 1:03 amThat’s
 the truth Admin! Fucking Europeans they just want to take take take. I
hope it works out. The government is in full blown denial now. We now
have proof Russia was putting out all kinds of fake news on twitter and
Facebook. Its all a bunch of bullshit! The government does the same shit
 with SW, lot of “unhappy customers”. What bull shit is that. This place
 has changed the way I live and a few others I know. Just another reason
 to go private Admin. I have been pushing for it for quite awhile now.
Why deal with all the fake bullshit. Fake News, Fake Reviews, the
government stooges are going to do all they can to stop you from giving
out the stolen pre-shred cash. They are the fucking crooks and they know
 it. God bless TOR it works and keeps those greedy bastards at bay!JCReplyThank YouNovember 4, 2017 at 10:17 pmThanks
 for the update Admin. You guys are really cool dont let anyone stop
you. It feels good to finally have money I have been down and out for
too long!Long live the revolution!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 4, 2017 at 1:23 pmGuys/GalsIt
 has been a VERY BUSY week. I am happy to announce that our new supplier
 of GBP got a really good exchange rate to replenish our GBP inventory.
We have had lots of happy “mates” who have or will soon be getting some
well reserved cash. Are you?As always I like to be transparent
with you on the business front. Our supplier in Europe wants to
renegotiate our agreement early and has decided to go on strike until we
 work it out. They have agreed to ship out the existing inventory but
they will not exchange our USD for Euro until we agree on new terms. I
am pissed beyond belief but we will work it out. No honor among thieves!
 That is the lesson of the day. As soon as I have an update I will let
you know. In the meantime, I updated our inventory for Euro to low just
to be cautious.A few other notes… USA clients make sure you are
not depositing more than $10,000 at any one time. Do NOT go to different
 banks to make smaller deposits, you will still get flagged for the
deposits since the fucking government tracks by ss#. We did have one
client email us that he screwed up and now he got an letter from the
State because of back child support. Look, if you are not used to having
 money then you need to get smart quick. Being wealthy is NOT easy.
Everyone including the government is going to want a piece. Dont be
stingy but dont be cheap either!Enjoy the week and the cash! Fuck the Government Crooks!!!!AdminReplyCa$h GirlNovember 4, 2017 at 6:28 pmI assume since its almost Sunday I will not get tracking until Monday?ReplyMcHammer123November 4, 2017 at 7:25 amHavent ordered but man if this works this is quite the processReplyDelta-Force-007November 4, 2017 at 1:39 amI
 was skeptical also I finally did it though. I guess I am just a sucker
for easy cash. It did work its real cash like they claim. BTW.. I order
in the UK. I’m a USA expat.ReplyBigBaller12November 3, 2017 at 8:34 pmGot my order…and fast. Overnight worked for me.ReplyYou'veGotMailNovember 3, 2017 at 5:41 pmWe’ll
 see . . . comment for the moment is that THE PROCESS IS UNDERWAY – I’ll
 be sure to either sing praises or hurl curses when I check the mail in a
 few days! Final review, comin’ up . . . .ReplyOnetimeNovember 3, 2017 at 11:13 pmHi
 all, just testing if this is legit. Is there anyone from uk who has
ordered? These get rich quick things have never really worked for me so I
 don’t want to lose what little I have. If I loose or get scammed, this
would really put me in the mud so I’m looking to see how many would
respond to get an idea if this is legit. I apologise if this is
offensive but it would reassure me to order. ThanksReplyanonNovember 3, 2017 at 3:01 pmSeems kind of fishy… But I gave it a shot and I recieved my package! TRUSTEDReplyAnonymousNovember 3, 2017 at 2:05 pmfedex delivered promptly.ReplyMike LarryNovember 3, 2017 at 12:22 pmJust Checking The Site Out To See Would It Post!!!!!!!!ReplyBradNovember 3, 2017 at 6:22 amShipped 2weeks + to Aus	Just arrived. this is great:)ReplySwagNation2k16November 3, 2017 at 2:41 amSeeing if these reviews are realReplyAK-47November 2, 2017 at 11:35 pmI
 know it sounds too good to be true…. and I thought the same way until I
 tried it. This is the real deal! The cash is confirmed legit and not
counterfeit. That is a big deal because these guys are the only ones
SELLING REAL CASH.I received my first order last week. Unfortunately, they make you wait between orders for 2 weeks.ReplyMacro PoloNovember 2, 2017 at 9:53 pmGuys I got my cash. I cant believe this shit actually works. You have a customer for life… or as long as you are around.Thank youReplyTorqueNovember 2, 2017 at 3:51 pmHi Admin,could
 u see my email plz , i placed an order last week, i got it and I want
to place another right now! . Just answer plz i really need another
order! I know you have a rule for 1 order for evey 2 weeks but please
make an exception for me! Please man I want to get another big pack
heading my wayThxReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostAugust 31, 2017 at 9:13 pmsorry, only 1 order per month. We do that so we can guarantee we can ship everyones packages within 24hours.AdminReplyrobinNovember 2, 2017 at 3:21 amGood
 product for the money. Easy to spend and deposit, a decent vendor. The
website is a little weak. The response time is slow. It does not appear
brand new.Avoid the temptation to spend all the money at once. They
seriously will only send you 1 order every 2 weeks. it is a real pain
waiting around until you can order again. I got it right away with
overnight shipping. Why only 4 of 5 stars? slow response time.ReplyPissed 2November 1, 2017 at 11:16 pmWhy
 is it when a customer asks for special amount of bills and doesn’t get
it? I asked for all 100’s and you send me all 20’s. The package could
have been so much smaller if you used all 100’s like I asked.ReplyVicroyNovember 1, 2017 at 5:01 pmmy first order was delivered yesterday! thxReplyAlice CooperNovember 1, 2017 at 11:47 amThey sent me the tracking number. Does anyone know if its safe to check it on F*D**X site?ReplyAnonymousNovember 1, 2017 at 3:14 pmcheck using tor 🙂ReplyAnonymousNovember 1, 2017 at 5:57 amCash delivered as promised. It is real cash.ReplyAnonymousNovember 1, 2017 at 2:29 amLEgit?Reply$Bag$October 31, 2017 at 6:47 pmYep…box o money arrived. I am pleased.ReplyKrullOctober 31, 2017 at 11:00 pmI checked up on these guys and the people I talked to say your legit. I sent my email order. Now I wait for the next steps.ReplyTamolOctober 31, 2017 at 2:38 pmI just put an order, Communication was nice. Just waiting for my package now !ReplyhiwiOctober 31, 2017 at 9:03 amVery intirest service. Do you ship to east europe countries?ReplyMy Treat!October 31, 2017 at 12:39 amThe
 kinds get candy…. This year I am getting a little candy for daddy from
SW. If this works out I will be a repeat buyer for as long as you will
let me.ReplyTu-Pac Lives !!!!!October 30, 2017 at 10:59 pmThis nigga picked up some major paper today. Respect!ReplyAnonymousOctober 30, 2017 at 3:47 pmAdmin thank you for following through. I also enjoyed having an extra $500 in my box.ReplyGibbersOctober 30, 2017 at 6:33 pmI GOT IT !!!!!!!!! WHOOOOO WHOOOOReplymarleenOctober 30, 2017 at 11:53 amDo you use your everyday email address or create a fake one? If you make a fake one what is a recommended one to use?ReplyDoOomOctober 30, 2017 at 4:50 amfist oall sorry for my bad english….secondly,
 i really want to deal with you for big sums of money and i’m ready to
double the amount of bitcoins in exchange… but i have a problem…	in my
country, the mail comming from outside of the country in scanned and
passed trough a detectors…an if they detect any money hidden, i will go
to jail for a lifetime !!! so is there any method to prevent detecting
it by scanners ?other question, i’m from africa, and i think to
send the boxes to my friends address in spain, than i ask him to bring
the boxes to me when he will come come to visit me in my country, and i
don’t know if he can pass the security prossedors ?!	i need answers plz…ReplyFrench ConnectionOctober 30, 2017 at 1:00 amGovernment
 is for people. People are not for the government. I think people forget
 that and people in government too. I do not care now I have a source of
 euro billets.ReplyJadenOctober 29, 2017 at 7:22 pmHi
 guys, i want to order, but i am very skeptical, because i never bought
something from dark net… this sounds too nice to be true. Sometimes i
think the owner of this page write the positive comments by their own.
Dont know, so can anyone help? :)…	If I order and i am wrong or my
thoughts were wrong, I will apologize Admin. We all need money, but real
 money for less money sounds too good…ReplyAussie LifeOctober 29, 2017 at 3:10 pmHow
 often do you ship down under? I have read some of the reviews and did
some research on you with some trusted sources from other Aussies and
say its real.	How are those clients exchanging the USD or Euro?ReplyMasterB8October 29, 2017 at 10:41 amWhy do you not send parcels on Sunday? I want to buy today will I get my tracking tomorrow?ReplyGovnarxxxOctober 29, 2017 at 5:22 amWe
 moved our business needs to SW and we have not regretted the decision.
We work with Euro and ship to France, Germany, and Switzerland.ReplyKiller KlownOctober 28, 2017 at 3:06 pmBuy Real Money was the first purchase I ever made on the dark web. I am glad I
did it. Of course that gave me the confidence to order other things from
 other vendors and I got screwed. Go figure.Buy Real Money has been fantastic. Keep up the fight Admin we need you!KKReplyTJOctober 28, 2017 at 7:21 amI
 suggest anyone outside the USA use local currency exchange places. They
 ask very little questions and if you exchange a few thousand at a time
you stay under the radar. I have exchanged $25,000 and spread it out
over 6 different locations.ReplyCasino RoyalOctober 28, 2017 at 3:49 amSW
 has changed me! I used the “product” at the casino to beef up my bank
roll at the tables, then I cash out with new bills. Plus it does not
sting as bad when I lose.ReplySluts r FunOctober 28, 2017 at 10:19 amThat
 is a really good idea. I have been watching this site for a few weeks
now deciding on whether or not to go ahead and buy. I like your idea on
using the casino to exchange your money. Plus I could play at much
higher levels and do some serious WINNING!Ill start with the Rookie and see what happens.ReplyJohnny CageOctober 28, 2017 at 12:35 amWell
 stated… I think the more information about JFK will show how corrupt
and crazy our govt is. Governments get away with all kinds of crazy plus
 the amount of money out their in the system is beyond comprehension.Do you part people!ReplyJFK Y SlayerOctober 27, 2017 at 11:40 pmOK
 people i forgot too mention that as Americans we were raised too be
good Americans By being patriotic do not question the government go too
school get a education get a job and be a slave too the system give them
 your tax dollars and remain silent sit on the sidelines while they
continue too fuck you and not use any Lubrication Look i tell it like it
 is our government has been robbing us blind stealing and getting filthy
 rich while selling this nation out too foreign countries mean while you
 are expected too be a Law Abiding citizen Ron Paul had a plaque on his
desk that said don’t steal from the government they hate competition the
 truth is that by buying this awesome pre shred which i Eagerly await in
 the mail BTW you are taking back what our Quasi government has been
withholding where was the peoples bailout i ask well by buying this Pre
shred you are giving yourself a bailout of your own now Admin i told you
 i would write this too inform all your customers and too inform all
those who are still too afraid too order pre shred The government
expects us all too turn a blind eye while they steal cheat and rob us
blind and misrepresent us i say fuck the non federal non reserve and
their bought and paid for politicians they are the most evil
organization of greedy crooks / bankers they own the media Hollywood
politicians the supreme court their is no Limit to their ability too
corrupt every single facet of society and concerning the euro dollar the
 very same bankers needed a way too control the currency of Europe they
knew that if all the European nations had their own currency they could
not control the money supply in Europe it had nothing too do with the
complicated exchange rates they want you too think that so you can sleep
 better and not know the truth that they are in control of the worlds
different currencies the non federal non reserve was the result of a
meeting in the year 1913 on Jekyll island Georgia than president Woodrow
 wilson signed the federal reserve act and afterwards he admitted that
he knowingly doomed future Americans and their financial stability you
see when Woodrow Wilson was a professor she had a affair and the powers
that be behind the federal reserve blackmailed him afraid of his affair
being exposed Wilson agreed and signed the federal reserve act into law
and it passed with only 4 votes because all other senators congressmen
were back in their home states during Christmas break now the point of
this post is too educate and inform those who think its UN American to
give Buy Real Money business you are entitled too your share of this money
and it is yours its mine these crooked fucks in power are lining their
damn pockets and expecting you too think and believe its wrong too buy
from Buy Real Money as i said and as the admin says its yours take it back
but spend carefully don,t deposit more than 10 K DON’T ATTRACT ATTENTION
 TOO YOURSELF the government wants Too keep you under their control And
In Debt and dependent on them as for me i Am going too Tell them too
fuck off while i hopefully enjoy some high quality Pre Shred The
government is not your friend they are your enemy they don’t care about
you they care about how they can fuck you over and make you think they
are doing it for your own good and too the people who say that buying
this money is taking away from peoples retirement that’s bullshit when
you go to the bank and cash your retirement check you sure as hell don’t
 receive Pre Shred Cash no you get newer currency And remember the
American Dream is Another lie too make you work harder too make someone
Else Rich you can only dream while your sleeping Bye For Now People JFKReply???October 27, 2017 at 5:12 pmIf I order today can I get my tomorrow? Even though its a Saturday?Reply2nd OrderOctober 27, 2017 at 2:40 pmGuys
 I am considering aking my 2nd order for a much larger amount. Any ideas
 on how to handle the shipping? Especially those of you in the elite
program getting regular 25k or more.Thank you in advance for you comments.ReplyTonyOctober 27, 2017 at 10:24 amI cant believe I sat on the sidelines all this time. I wish I did it sooner!ReplysotaxOctober 26, 2017 at 8:02 pmbox was left at my apt door! thxReplyGood moneyOctober 26, 2017 at 5:12 pmI
 took it to the bank and its 100% legit cash. This is not counterfiet.
The lady behind the counter was shocked when I put down $5,000 on the
table. I’m 16 years old lol.ReplyShaftOctober 26, 2017 at 10:09 pmMan I wish I had this shit when I was 16!Replyinsane devilOctober 26, 2017 at 2:55 pmWhat is the white power on some of the bills?ReplyMr. KrabsOctober 26, 2017 at 1:35 pmI
 have never seen stealth quite like this before. My latest order arrived
 inside a juicer! Unfortunately I wont be able to use the juicer since
there were no insides lolReplyKryosOctober 27, 2017 at 1:57 amMine came in dvd cases but I only ordered the rookie.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostOctober 26, 2017 at 8:29 amI
 am getting a lot on enquirers in the Elite Program about adding a 100k
option. We have not made a final determination on that yet. Our main
goal is to ensure we have enough cash on hand to fill the orders.Remember everyone deserves a change to fuck the government!AdminReplyMiserOctober 26, 2017 at 12:05 pmThank
 You Admin. I dont want to speak for the others, but I would like to
give my opinion and support the addition of the 100k option. It could
help those of us who move larger volumes.ReplyMr. HappyOctober 28, 2017 at 7:36 pmAdmin you guys rock!ReplyJustifiable ParanoiaOctober 28, 2017 at 9:36 pmI put the order in…. Now I wait for my tracking number. If this works I will be back for many many many many many more orders.ReplyLizOctober 29, 2017 at 1:04 amI
 placed an order 2 weeks ago for pound sterling to be shipped outside of
 the London area. I was gobsmacked as that this turned up being real.
IDK what I was expecting as it was my first time ordering.CheersLizReplyMe tooOctober 26, 2017 at 4:53 amI
 agree wit Cage on this one Admin. We need to get the EP program
members a 100k option. Any timeline on when that might happen?ReplySalvadorOctober 26, 2017 at 2:07 am3 kids at my school get money from here. I want to try too.ReplyT-DoggOctober 26, 2017 at 3:25 pmBe smart, save it for college!Reply8-BallOctober 26, 2017 at 1:21 amI
 am trying these guys out. I did get a tracking number so I feel a
little bit better but the proof will be when the cash arrives.ReplyFINALLY !!!October 25, 2017 at 11:36 pmTook long enough to get to me. I waited over a week. WTF?? I am not paying for overnight again.ReplyDamianOctober 25, 2017 at 2:52 pmAnother succesful transactionReplyanonymousOctober 25, 2017 at 7:49 pmis safe buy bills with these people? I want change my dealerReplyMcOctober 25, 2017 at 1:09 pmCheers Admin!	I am very pleased with the GBP as well. You have the a customer for life.ReplyAnonymousOctober 25, 2017 at 11:40 amAdmin thanks man the money arrived todayReplyTsuOctober 25, 2017 at 2:30 amThis
 vendor ships to HK without problems or delays, they are one of the few
that do. We worked with another organization but the product and
delivery are much better here.ReplyAssbag!October 24, 2017 at 8:43 pmYou
 said that if you ship late I would get 5% extra but I dont see it. I
bought 10k and only received 10k. It was two days late. What is going on
 I should have had an extra 1k inside.ReplyCuriousOctober 24, 2017 at 11:40 pmHow is the quality? I am not so concerned about the extra as long as the cash is the real deal.ReplyAnonymousOctober 24, 2017 at 2:16 pmI thought the notes are old? My euro notes are delivered and the notes are very clean.ReplyCracker l8tOctober 24, 2017 at 11:21 amthis is cool as shit!ReplyAgent KOctober 23, 2017 at 4:11 pmAdd
 me to the list of happy clients in the UK. The new vendor you guys have
 is going a really good job. Fast, and the notes are perfect.ReplyAnonymousOctober 24, 2017 at 7:03 amIm
 trying to order some tommorow, could any of yall tell me how long i
should expect to wait before i get an email back with instructions?Replyanon1900October 23, 2017 at 9:15 amI
 was reading the reviews here and on some other sites and there are
other people who were getting the cash inside adult toys or other
things. I am putting in my 0.00002 btc and also want to urge you to stop
 doing it. My first shipment from you guys was inside a adult toy. I
understand the need for stealth but I am sure there are other choices.ReplyVladislawOctober 23, 2017 at 6:04 amAgreed concerning Euro notes. The best vendor on the darknetReplytzartianOctober 23, 2017 at 12:03 amWe the people of Tzar apporve of your service. You help us stronger with good euro billets. Very Happy.Replyyajer0biOctober 22, 2017 at 9:50 amI
 am noticing a lot of very happy people here but my experience was not
so good. Both times I have ordered the package has come late and there
was no extra cash inside. I thought if your parcel is late you receive
extra money?I also want to know why my orders keep getting screwed up. Its apparent not everyone has the same problem(s) that I have.ReplyChanOctober 22, 2017 at 1:53 amPlaced my order and now awaiting the tracking number. If this works out I have many Chinese customs I can bring you.ReplyneedzcasheeshOctober 21, 2017 at 10:29 pmtestingReplyElmoOctober 21, 2017 at 5:31 pmI dont have any opinion yet as I am still waiting for my package to arrive. Its expected on MondayReplyAnonymousOctober 21, 2017 at 10:53 amOk….I placed my first order…..God bless those guysFReply@Puss N Boots IIOctober 21, 2017 at 8:29 amThat is the funniest shit I have read and sadly so true. Our culture has gone to the shitter.ReplyMarioOctober 21, 2017 at 4:51 amI
 keep every dollar I get from SW in shoe boxes and keep it as my own
private stash. There is no way I would ever deposit cash into the bank.
Between the IRS and other government watch dogs there is no such thing
as financial freedom.Cash Rules!ReplyUnlockedOctober 21, 2017 at 1:33 amI bought my very first unlocked Iphone today using the cash I bought here. Finally no more payments!ReplyPuss N Boots IIOctober 20, 2017 at 3:02 pmOh
 federal government please take care of me. Give me hand outs and pay
the top 1% everything our country has. I have simple needs, only some
food, and some water here and there. I dont need healthcare, a job, a
roof over my head. Please make sure you print more money and inject into
 the stock market. The top 1% needs more profits, dont disappoint them
with a low bonus. 10 million vs 50 million dollar bonus is a big deal.
You can tax me more if that helps. I just want to do my part.Thank you government of all you do to keep me from being more than I can be!ReplyJimmy DOctober 20, 2017 at 9:04 pmStop crying about the government. U sound like a fucjin pussy ass bitch. A real man makes his own way. Admin ban this fag.ReplyH3llrazer69October 20, 2017 at 10:00 amAccording to the tracking I should get the cash today. I will update when that happens. So far 4 days since payment.ReplyEuro ManOctober 20, 2017 at 8:33 amHiletting you know I have euro now. Thank you. Easy parcel delivery in Germany.ReplyMustekOctober 20, 2017 at 4:37 amAwaiting feedback from Admin, placed first order to ship to SAReplyLa PlataOctober 20, 2017 at 11:40 pmRecibo $ 10000 cada dos semanas en Perú. No hay problemas.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostOctober 20, 2017 at 3:32 amReminder.
 If you want international shipping you must tell us when you send an
email for the quote. This way you get a correct bitcoin quote. Otherwise
 we will be holding your shipment until you pay the balance.Follow directions! It is easy to do.AdminReplyLiberation DayOctober 19, 2017 at 11:51 pmI came across your site and I want to buy. Do you do overnight international mail?ReplyEl1x3rOctober 19, 2017 at 9:51 pmMy
 experience here was bittersweet. I bought to Professional for $10k and
everything went ok. I deposited it the bank and a few days later I get a
 letter from the state that they were notified of unusual deposit
history from my bank. The bastards are all over me for back child
support and now its frozen and they are likely going to just take it.My
 suggestion is to not bother depositing the money and only spend it as
cash. Especially if you are in the same situation as I am with child
support.EReplyDaraOctober 19, 2017 at 10:12 pmMan up and raise your fucking kids!ReplyBitchOctober 20, 2017 at 3:47 amAh
 yes another liberal cunt looking to drain a man of everything he has.
Not sure why they let you post here. You should be in the kitchen
cooking and cleaning.Do us all a favor and shut your fucking
mouth or take your liberal bullshit and go cackle with the other cunts
who share your liberal views.ReplyAnonOctober 20, 2017 at 12:29 amBe careful with child support. The government is no joke with that stuff. Use the cash and keep it out of the bank!The good news is a few orders more and you will probably be able to pay off the back child support.ReplyBallZackOctober 20, 2017 at 2:38 amDont
 spend preshed cash on child support! Not that I am trying to be a dick
or anything, but if your Ex-Cunt gets wind of the extra money she may
take you back to court and try to bleed more our of you. Then you really
 have problems because the court is going to want to see where the extra
 money is coming from.ReplyKrispy Kritter 80083October 19, 2017 at 3:34 pmDude
 my friend at school was flashing some nice cash and told me about your
site. I want to order. I sent an email waiting for reply.ReplyHSOctober 19, 2017 at 7:44 pmDamn
 I wish SW was around when I was in HS. I would be getting so much pussy
 it would be sick. Krispy Kritter 80083 you are one lucky motherfucker.ReplyscottOctober 19, 2017 at 12:54 pmthank youReplyanonOctober 19, 2017 at 8:08 amwho ordered the international delivery, how long did it go for you and did you send the track number?ReplyRandusOctober 19, 2017 at 11:14 amI ordered the $$ from them to South Africa. I go the parcel tracking number 6 hours after payment. The parcel arrived in 7 days.ReplyFuk3FedOctober 19, 2017 at 3:25 amOur
 government is absolutely a mess. Its run by big bankers that build a
business on taking more and more from us. I work construction on road
projects all day in the hot sun 8-10 hours every day plus I have a 1
hour commute. Now many of the bankers make millions a day just pushing
buttons a computer. They barely break a sweat.The fact SW is out
 there trying to equalize the gap is a good thing. You have my support.
Plus I like getting cash every month. Its more than I will ever make and
 I looking forward to quitting my day job after a few more shipments.ReplyCamiOctober 19, 2017 at 1:14 amthe first batch was spent now it time for another order. its really good. i am hookedReplyMel Gibson BlowsOctober 19, 2017 at 12:03 amHey
 M8’s posting to notify you that they ship to Australia through local
post. Ordered USD and lots of it. Really smooth operation, took 11 days
however.ReplyCroxxedOctober 18, 2017 at 9:55 pmCool product man very unique on tor. Keep up the fight the money is ours not the government!ReplyCyphrOctober 18, 2017 at 6:41 pmI sent my payment in and just got my tracking number!!!ReplyDr. ChaosOctober 18, 2017 at 3:21 pmWhy
 do you have a once per month policy? I want to order more cash too. It
seems like others want the policy changed also. It might be a good idea
to let us order earlier.ReplyKholodOctober 18, 2017 at 4:06 pmonce per month to not be detected dude, chillReplyDr00ple22October 18, 2017 at 1:24 pmI
 ORDERED $10,000 AND I ONLY RECEIVED $9,660 WTF !!!!!! I WANT THE REST
OF MY CASH!! NOW MOTHERFUCKER! PLUS I ASKED FOR ALL 100’S AND GOT OTHER
BILLS. DO WHAT I ASK FOR!ReplyKylo RenOctober 18, 2017 at 10:19 pmThe
 fact that you got over 9 grand and paid as little as you got is great
dude. So what you found a fucking gold mine.	I made up my mind i am
doing this.ReplyCIAOctober 18, 2017 at 5:15 amStealing from the government is not good. People can get their own jobs and work like everyone else.ReplyKendrickOctober 20, 2017 at 12:49 pmEat a bag of dicksReplyChthuluOctober 17, 2017 at 9:46 pmEuros are very good and simple to order and receive. I live in France.Reply1710casherOctober 17, 2017 at 10:59 amHope that this is no scam. I will try it.ReplyIan ChestertonOctober 17, 2017 at 10:35 pmI
 was skeptical also, even after I got my first order. It wasnt until
around the 3rd shipment that I finally realized I am not dreaming and
now I need a plan on how to deal with a large amount of cash. Its more
money than I ever had in my life.ReplyAnonymousOctober 18, 2017 at 9:11 amGot
 mine last Friday. This shit is the best. I tried ordering again and
they wont let me and said I have to wait 2 weeks before I put in another
 order, which kinda sucks.ReplyAnonymousOctober 18, 2017 at 4:15 pmhow did it go did you receive your packageReplyDragoonOctober 17, 2017 at 9:57 amCan I get a witness?ReplynzsheepOctober 17, 2017 at 4:18 amdo you ship to china?ReplyRyanOctober 17, 2017 at 3:19 amJust
 wondering, since your email address is a clearnet one, is it safe to
email my order using an email address I use everyday? Thanks, RyanReplybitcoin:askOctober 16, 2017 at 9:12 pmHi Admin	What do you thing about the hard fork of bitcoin?, bitcoin cash, bitcoin gold and segwit2x?, thanksReplyMegatron1983October 16, 2017 at 5:16 pmThis is fantastic and probably one of the best sites on the darknet.ReplyTy-POctober 16, 2017 at 10:11 amI saw Fedex delivery at my house. Now I need to get home to pick it up!ReplydarealdealniggaOctober 16, 2017 at 1:30 amSent
 a email for order instructions waiting for a response. Hope this is the
 real deal i got a whole hood of niggaz ready to orderReplyDaFockaOctober 15, 2017 at 1:49 pmHi guys, thinking buying some money, any recent comments to help me decide? Thanks!ReplyDebbieOctober 16, 2017 at 8:41 amI
 did one order for $1300. I got in 3 days and they were all 100 bills.
The money did not look too bad IMO. I spent it. I am waiting to order
again. They make you wait 2 weeks for some reason.ReplyAlteredBeast79October 15, 2017 at 9:02 amI
 have enough money now thanks to you guys I want to start diversifying
and keeping some cash in a safe. I have Euro but I also want to hold
some USD. Can I order USD and have it sent to a location within the EU
or am I better off just ordering more Euro?ReplyJ CageOctober 15, 2017 at 12:41 amJOE,
 very good points. No one said it was easy in the darknet. Im still
using my cash from here to buy gold and bitcoin, but mostly gold. The
world is going into the shitter. I dont want to left holding a bag of
worthless paper money, plus if we lose power and technology bitcoin will
 be worthless. That leaves good ole shinny gold. Its always had value
and always will.ReplyTRX-KingOctober 14, 2017 at 8:50 pmMy
 friend is running around with cash all the time and I finally asked him
 where he gets all his money from. I thought he was selling drugs or
something. Nope..he buys it here.	I just put in my first order. Now its
my turn.ReplyTRX-KingOctober 16, 2017 at 2:25 pmCan anyone help me? I received a tracking number but I is does not say which company is with.ReplyShiltz izda ShitOctober 14, 2017 at 3:06 pmDis nigga luvs me some pre shred! Bitchez luv deez feelz right?ReplyJOEOctober 14, 2017 at 12:44 pmThose
 of you who have been around SW for while know me. I have been saying to
 be careful of the type of research you do about darknet sites. Reddit,
Google, YouTube, are NOT credible resources. LE and even larger groups
like our family at Christians in Action are responsible for a
considerable amount of Psych Ops against illegal operations.Hansa
 Market is a good example, once compromised by the Dutch government
several thousand positive fake reviews went up everywhere (Reddit,
Google, YouTube, etc) Then they sat back and recorded everything that
took place and several of the vendors went down hard. Marketplaces are
not as safe as everyone touts them to be and many legit independents
(like Buy Real Money) are known by the true players in the darknet. I say
this again as a reminder, negative reviews of a website mean nothing.
Its the sites with many positive reviews or none at all that should
concern you, especially if they are for illegal activities but posted on
 clearnet sites like Google ,YouTube, and unfortunately now even Reddit.Rule
 #1 of true darknet proprietors is that you dont advertise in the
clearnet, ever. It compromises anonymity. Plus true darknet vendors, at
least ones worth doing business with, have established customers and do
not need to “advertise” in the traditional sense of the word. Their
marketing is usually tied to word of mouth advertising or chain
messaging on trusted relay points like THW (the real one
zqktlwi4fecvo6ri.onion) and they usually change onion addresses and
servers on a regular basis for security reasons.Take a look…. Its about this topic but focuses on Opioid sales but the practice is know to be used in all areas.https://www.deepdotweb.com/2017/08/29/law-enforcement-leave-fake-negative-reviews-disrupt-darknet-markets/Stay SafeReplyKeganOctober 14, 2017 at 10:01 amI
 drive a truck all week for work but the best part of my week is today. I
 put in my order and when I get it I will make more in one day than I
did all month driving the truck.ReplyAB Lives!October 14, 2017 at 1:26 amBe
 careful!!! Like some others that commented here I was scammed by clones
 as well. Buy Real Money is pretty famous in the underground world but as a
 noob I didnt know any better.Admin and his team are fantastic.
They helped me overcome my fear and distrust since getting screwed twice
 before with cloned sites. I did my homework this time and researched
with TRUSTED darkweb veterans who know what is what around here and the
gave me the correct http://http://moneylmhqamhzfcw6qm2no375eku2brclbilrzy7ae4364l75nhvtnyd.onion
 Buy Real Money address. I have made sure to keep this link bookmarked so
that I am not fooled again. There are so many clones out their its hard
to know what is real or not. All I can tell you is do your research
(which is hard) with people who REALLY KNOW the darkweb. Its not as easy
 as it seems.BTW.. the money you get from these guys is not
counterfeit. It is real cash, like others I tested it for counterfeit
and used a pro grade counter, every bill passed and as others have
commented their stealth shipping is insane!Thanks AdminAB Lives!ReplyKKOctober 13, 2017 at 10:40 pmI
 completed my first transaction with them and it went smooth. I emailed
and placed the order, they sent tracking in about 2 hours, my kesef
arrived 3 days later inside a monopoly board game.Fun!ReplyAnonymousOctober 13, 2017 at 4:32 pmI guess Friday the 13th is unlucky for some people, but it my favorite day now. DELIVERY DAY! WHOO WHOO!ReplyBombing RabbitOctober 13, 2017 at 2:03 pmThese guys are the real deal and I make very few endorsements.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostOctober 13, 2017 at 11:24 amGuys & GalsWe
 had a very HEALTHY USD delivery and our inventory levels are solid! I
know a few of you had to wait for your orders to process due to the
inventory delay, thank you for your patience & look for a little
extra in your boxes.We had a HUGE demand for GBP since our
announcement to resume GBP orders. Thank you to all of our customers new
 & existing in the UK! We are here for you! Remember, its not the
ERII’s money ITS YOURS take it back!AdminReplyllllllllllOctober 13, 2017 at 6:02 amVery
 nice! This is a really good service you guys are providing. I was a
first time customer and I am really looking forward to making my next
purchase with you. I have to admit I was skeptical too but when I spent
the first $100 bill I was hooked.ReplyMindOctober 12, 2017 at 7:10 pmSent my email a while ago, waiting on response. Will also be updating this.Totally looking forward to getting these racks in the mail :’)Replyd.collinsOctober 12, 2017 at 4:56 pmIs that real ? i mean it look’s so simple…ReplyHarleyOctober 12, 2017 at 4:45 pmMade my payment on Sunday but no tracking until Monday afternoon. Got my package today and am very happy. thank you.ReplyMazikaiOctober 12, 2017 at 1:55 pmpayment sent. so far the process has been quick. now for the agonizing wait lolReplyMazikaiOctober 12, 2017 at 1:51 pmJust sent payment. Overall process has been quick thus far. Now for the agonizing wait lolReplyMazikaiOctober 12, 2017 at 9:44 amfirst email sent. waiting on response and will be commenting along the journey. definitely trying to make you guys my go to!~MazReplyAnonymousOctober 12, 2017 at 3:47 pm????.ReplyD-PokOctober 12, 2017 at 7:23 amAs
 I sit here I wonder to myself, why did I buy this? Because I need
 money and this provides it for me. This is hands-down the easiest money
 I have ever made. I thought about buying counterfeit a few years ago,
and just didn’t, but I’m glad I bought this pre-shred. it worked
perfectly.ReplycaptainstaplesOctober 11, 2017 at 7:33 amDoes in come with instructions? No it doesn’t. You’ve got to figure out how to spend it yourselfReplyAnonOctober 11, 2017 at 5:24 amDo you ship to Russia? And how long does it take to deliver the package?Replybr4inzOctober 11, 2017 at 01:27 pmI
 checked the site of the so called "Cash Lords" - they aren't americans
they are germans or so. Not very professional. Their poorly build
Wordpress Site do have a Order structure with german words. So what
ever. Just another attempt to fuck with the Admins. It wouldn't be very
hard to get this site down. But yeah, like I say live-and-let-live. What
 Buy Real Money will do to solve this problem is up to them.ReplyrichardOctober 10, 2017 at 11:02 pmjust placed my order. waiting on tracking info.ReplyBriOctober 10, 2017 at 4:45 pm1st timeSent email, waiting on response.Hope this goes well, will update through process.ReplyMumOctober 10, 2017 at 12:23 pmI can relate Kay. You are are not alone girl.ReplyKitkatzOctober 10, 2017 at 10:17 amWARNING–This
 will probably be an odd post but I hope these guys approve it. Here is
my story, I have been using this group to get cash for a around a month.
 I used the cash to pay off my credit cards. I am debt free which is
nice and I am not complaining.BUT– You will get addicted to the
money. I have already noticed my spending is WAY UP from what I used to
do. I understand now what people say that money does not make you happy.
 I need to reign in my spending again. I was addicted to the credit
cards before now its the cash. Either way I was addicted. I need to kick
 the habit and spend like a normal human being.KayReplyDoctor WhoOctober 10, 2017 at 2:09 amThe Quid is Back in Play !!!You guys are the bees knees.Cheers!ReplycaptainstaplesOctober 9, 2017 at 10:20 pmI placed an order, I hope this works out.ReplyJohnny CageOctober 9, 2017 at 5:40 pmCongratulations Admin and team! I know you have been working on this for awhile.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostOctober 9, 2017 at 10:08 amGood
 news for our “Mates” across the pond! We have secured a new source for
GBP within the UK and received confirmation that inventory is in place .
 For our UK clients, current and new, thank you for your patience as we
secured a new contractor to handle our “currency needs”. You are free to
 start your GBP orders. Orders today will go out as early as tomorrow.On
 a separate note USD inventory is low. For whatever reason we received
several large orders over the past few days. Those are shipping out
today. Unfortunately it placed a strain on USD inventory, however we are
 expecting more USD later this week. Until then all USD orders will be
processed in the order they are received. For our Elite Program clients
there will be no issues with your regular bi-weekly delivery. Your cash
has already been moved aside to fill your orders.If you are
waiting on tax reform or thinking your government is going to fix things
 dont hold your breath. I can tell you they are so screwed up nothing
will change. We built an entire business on their lack of discipline and
 poor controls. The money belongs to the people the government took it
from. The Federal Reserve is a fraud.Spend Wisely My Friends!Fuck the Government	AdminReplylifeuper76October 9, 2017 at 10:37 amGood news everyone!ReplyBroney R USOctober 8, 2017 at 10:29 pmI
 have looking at a pile of cash all weekend. I was too late to make a
deposit on Friday. I will be very excited to see my bank balance go up. 5
 grand sitting on my coffee table, it looks like something out the
movies.ReplycaptainstaplesOctober 8, 2017 at 10:44 pmHello, I would like to see if this works.ReplyElvis is DeadOctober 8, 2017 at 8:52 pmHas anyone purchased rubles with the cash they get from here? I am considering the MasterReplylifeuper76October 9, 2017 at 12:12 amI
 made the order and while waiting for the track number. As soon as the
parcel arrives, I’ll write how things are with the ruble.ReplymansnothotOctober 9, 2017 at 1:24 pmAnyone
 know about Cash Lords, those fucks look so similar to this place I just
 came back and noticed they have an admin named ‘Admin’ too. What’s up
with that?ReplyJohnny CageOctober 9, 2017 at 8:19 pmNope.
 But that is not unusual, there have been several attempts where people
cloned this site and try to screw Buy Real Money customers. There was one a
 few weeks ago and I feel sorry for that poor bastard who cloned this
site. I know they found out who the guy was who did it. Some Arab or
something. All I know is I would not want to be that shit head. These
guys don’t take lightly to people stealing their shit.ReplyAcesOctober 9, 2017 at 3:37 amI have. We have small tribal casino nearby and I use the cash for poker. The casino has never given me any shit about it either.ReplySharonOctober 8, 2017 at 10:52 amI sent my payment and if this works I am flying my family here to visit for the holidays.ReplyYaleOctober 8, 2017 at 4:08 amLooks like someone needs a grammar lesson! lolReplyKris KrakenOctober 7, 2017 at 9:59 pmused the bank of america atm this evening to deposit $3000. it was really easy and the atm didnt gave me any problems. sweetReplymichaelOctober 8, 2017 at 1:05 amis u for realReplyThe NEw OrderOctober 7, 2017 at 7:16 pmWe
 tried you out for a sample Rookie deal. We are please with the results
and will use your regular 2 weeks shipping process. As you know it is
hard to find good darknet vendors to move money. We appreciate your
service.ReplyUriz-GrlOctober 6, 2017 at 11:44 pmOrdered
 and paid plus overnight shipping for my man on Touesday.. Order arrived
 on Friday. Again not exactly overnight and my man was a little pissed.
The cash looked only slightly used, 10k mostly 20s,50s,100s.I would do it again but not order overnight. Why bother. I dont want to catch another beating for being late.Replylifeuper76October 6, 2017 at 8:43 pmI made the transfer. as soon as they send me the track number, I’ll write here.Replybl4d3October 6, 2017 at 3:02 pm11 days to get my money! That is NOT 2-3 days.. Plus the cash isnt even bundled on in any logical order.You got a lot to learn when it comes to service!ReplyaajoOctober 6, 2017 at 1:26 pmits what?ReplyHMoonDaGodOctober 6, 2017 at 12:29 pmI remodeled the house and paid the contractors in cash. My preshred cash that isWhy do I have to wait 2 weeks to get anther order?Reply$harkOctober 6, 2017 at 5:05 amWTF when do the british pounds arrive?ReplyEmceeOctober 5, 2017 at 8:22 pmAny tips on converting the cash?ReplySneekyPeteOctober 6, 2017 at 9:55 amUse LBC and buy coin in person with the cash. Its what I do. Then I can move the coin and the deal is washedReplyvictor2288October 5, 2017 at 3:45 pmWhat other countries except Europe and USA are serviceable ?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostOctober 5, 2017 at 6:00 pmWe ship worldwide with the exception of Cuba and North Korea.Also,
 a note regarding our international orders. You must tell us that the
shipment is international when you request your quote. All orders not
shipped to a EU address is an international order. If you dont tell us
we do not add it to your quote. When you send payment then tell us you
want it sent internationally we can not ship until you pay the
international shipping.This has been happening a lot lately and it
delays your shipment. I want these orders to be shipped within 24 hours
but we cant do that if you do not pay for international shipping
upfront.AdminReplyPrincess DiOctober 5, 2017 at 11:17 amI dont care if its stolen from the government. My kids now go to private school thanks to this money.What has the gov done for me?ReplyZorkOctober 5, 2017 at 9:46 amI
 would suggest you tell them with your order not to ship your cash
inside sex toys. I finished my first order with them and the money was
inside a very large black dildo. I am not into dicks especially black
ones. I wont even touch black women.ReplykillroyOctober 5, 2017 at 12:03 pmYou
 are a raciest piece of shit! Black bitches are the best. I think you
were more upset that it was a black dildo and not a white one. Im sure
if it was a white dildo you would have had it up your ass by nowReplyAlexOctober 5, 2017 at 6:56 amSeems simple…but is it real?Reply8008October 5, 2017 at 12:25 amI
 spent my fist $1,000 of the $5,000. No problems, no one said a thing. I
 was scared as shit, but now that I have used it I believe it. I will
wait my months and get the $10,000 next.You guys are fucking crazy, but I am glad you are here.ReplyshortbreadOctober 4, 2017 at 11:04 pmEU is stopping 500 notes. How long will you continue to ship them?ReplyPishhatOctober 4, 2017 at 9:50 pmThinking about making an order as wellReplyRamses IIOctober 4, 2017 at 7:19 pmI made order of 5.000 Euro and it arrived. The money was wet. Not much but little. The box was not wet. Why? Is it water?ReplytheONE121October 4, 2017 at 4:25 pmWhen are you selling Pounds Sterling again? I have been waiting patiently 🙂ReplyjahooshaOctober 4, 2017 at 11:31 amSomeone
 made a clone of your site called New Go***. I looked at the pictures
and analyzed them. I work in forensics BTW. I noticed that the pics of
the cash they used was exactly like yours but they photo-shopped the
onion address. You can tell because when you blow up the pic you can see
 the distortion in the crease of the paper when they replaced your onion
 address with theirs. Amateurs!I have ordered twice now and enjoy
your service. I hope that this info was useful to you, but you probably
already knew about it.ReplyLivin LargeOctober 3, 2017 at 10:48 pmYou guys have changed my lifeReplyRylos1977October 4, 2017 at 6:12 amPayment
 was made and I tracking received. Now I sit back and wait for my cash. I
 better not get fucked. Lets see if they post this.First time customer. I want to make this my go to place for money!RyReplymichaelOctober 4, 2017 at 8:36 pmis this real AdminReplyStevie NixOctober 3, 2017 at 5:28 pmI’m a believer now! Fucking Awesome! Thank youReplyjeanOctober 3, 2017 at 2:19 pmtesting testing am a noob here.ReplyFedexOctober 3, 2017 at 12:58 pmGuys can you do a better job packing this stuff. I got the cash today but my box was beat to shit as well. Maybe stop using UPS.ReplyNesariOctober 3, 2017 at 12:08 pmThinking about making an order. Hopefully its legit.ReplyMsTwerkSumOctober 3, 2017 at 10:19 amWit all diz cash I be thunkin – Lay her Down and Smack em Yack Em!ReplyAnonymousOctober 3, 2017 at 3:10 amI’m
 happy with my purchase. Only 1 small problem. The fedex overnight
package was beat to hell other than that everything is great.ReplyUniver soulOctober 2, 2017 at 7:45 pmThis
 be the revolution! “Emancipate yourselves from mental slavery.	None but
 ourselves can free our minds.” Buy cash and free yourself from Trumps
America!ReplyAnonymousOctober 2, 2017 at 5:22 amEverything was really nice the cash spends easy at ATM’s or stores.ReplyLife Lessons and CrimeOctober 1, 2017 at 7:53 pmMy
 25yo daughter spends absolutely nauseating amounts of money. This cash
has helped me not have to refinance my house to pay for her college.
Only thing I wish is they werent such a negative organization.ReplyADADOctober 1, 2017 at 8:24 amThis
 review is more on the packaging than the Euro, which itself is very
good and an excellent value. It’s very easy to spend, and the only thing
 I had trouble with so far is unpacking the Euro from the very strong
packaging. I needed a knife to open it, but I cut some of the bills.
Very unfortunateReplyAnonymousOctober 1, 2017 at 7:19 amGreat cash. The pictures shown on the first page is exactly how the cash looks like.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostOctober 01, 2017 at 00:01 amNew Month. New Opportunities. Already at 9% monthly Volume.AdminReplyThomasSeptember 30, 2017 at 8:42 amOK,
 I’m a cranky old man and it took me days to decide on this vendor. I
searched and read gobs of stuff and pushed the button on this one.
Satisfied, barely.ReplyUsain Bolt's DawgSeptember 29, 2017 at 6:29 amSince
 the beginning of this year, I’ve been wanting to try this cash. As
usual, I spent around 2 weeks thinking about it before I spent any
money. After placing my order the package came with a great speed and
low price. Absolutely love it, because it is so simply, and it gives you
 the feel of being rich.The pros in this product were: Low Price, fast shipping.The negatives are: having to figure out bitcoin to make the purchase.Replyd7oomkillerSeptember 28, 2017 at 10:19 pmHaving
 worked in the banking industry for years now, I’ve seen scores of money
 making methods come and go. Until now, nobody quite got it right and
everyone was trying to fuck you over. In the Buy Real Money method, they
have created a near perfect blend of ease and security. I’ve been using
them for months now – keep it up!ReplyG0LD3N GURL 4 EVERSeptember 27, 2017 at 8:11 amLove Love Love!! I like buying cute clothes and nice makeup!ReplyNicolas Cage sucksSeptember 27, 2017 at 4:14 amHad
 high hopes, but simply not ready for prime time. I prefer hiding my
face at ATM’s and using stolen credit cards. ALot more risk but I just
prefer the thrill of taking the last $50 out of some old grandma’s
account.ReplydwjoeSeptember 27, 2017 at 2:39 amCash be LEGIT. Fa ril dough.ReplylickmyclitbitchSeptember 27, 2017 at 12:14 ami fucking love these guy so much. All in all it is good.ReplyDe FagotSeptember 26, 2017 at 9:45 pmgreat for the price! I highly recommend if you are a failure at life or just an overall faggot.Replybullshit eaterSeptember 26, 2017 at 1:39 pmAll in all I’d say this is a decent value, I will be buying more cash soon.ReplyMilwee68September 26, 2017 at 8:56 amI
 would suggest you pay attention to what Admin and the admins say here.
Do not deposit more than 10k at one time. Otherwise you are asking for
trouble. Plus if you have an average daily balance in your account of
something like $1000 then depositing 25k at one time is going to raise
some concerns.Stay off their radar!ReplyDebSeptember 26, 2017 at 12:54 amI
 got the cash ($25,000). I am ready to go to the bank tomorrow and make
the deposit. Is there anything special I should do? Its mostly 100’s and
 20’s. That wont raise any suspision will it?ReplyThomas the Fucked Up TrainSeptember 25, 2017 at 6:06 pmGot the delivery today. Thanks man.Reply€ in BratislavaSeptember 25, 2017 at 12:12 pm€ 10.000 arrived on DHL. 80% of notes were € 500 I requested. I order on wednesday 20-09-17ReplyKrystSeptember 25, 2017 at 9:07 amOn time arrival. Cash was here first think this morning in the NY area. Impressed!#ReplyMarioSeptember 24, 2017 at 9:49 pmFedx
 says my cash arrives tomorrow before 12:30pm. I think I am going to
take the morning off to make sure I am home when it arrives.ReplyCrack Pipe BobSeptember 24, 2017 at 6:06 pmMy
 fucking neighbor says you guys are legit. He works as a server and I
know he doesnt make that much money. I asked him if he dealt drugs or
something and to hook me up. He has tons of cash and gets some quality
pussy.He told me about this site. Just sent in my order for 5 grand. Its my turn to live the good life.ReplyThe CoxmanSeptember 24, 2017 at 11:31 amOh Shit! I just knocked my GF tooth out with my dick! I need some cash NOW!ReplyPappys GirlSeptember 23, 2017 at 10:57 pmGot RookieGot TrackingGot CashSpent CashNo ProblemsI will do it again. CheersReplyCharmedSeptember 23, 2017 at 7:19 amI put my order in for the Cooper with post to the UK. Waiting on my tracking. I will update.ReplyCharmedSeptember 24, 2017 at 12:54 amI received my tracking info yesterday. So far so good. Lets see what happens next.ReplyJohnSeptember 23, 2017 at 3:31 amThanks for the moneyReplyGood for EscortsSeptember 22, 2017 at 8:07 pmEven
 though the cash is legit. I dont deposit. I use it for high class
escorts around town. Best pussy there is without all the bullshit
commitment. I used Tinder but I find more often than not these chicks
dont want to put out.ReplyW. BuffetSeptember 22, 2017 at 4:24 pmI
 found a place that does offshore options. You can send any info their
KYC process is for shit. I have been depositing the cash I get here to
that account and using it for trades.Here is the link XXXXXXXXXXXX(Link removed by Admin. No 3rd party advertising permitted)ReplyanonSeptember 22, 2017 at 2:51 amYeah
 I thought for sure this was all bullshit. Then I got the package of
cash. Then I though for sure it was counterfeit trash. I checked it and
its real.You made a fuckin Beliber out of me!ReplyKatrinSeptember 22, 2017 at 12:05 amFinally! A fucking vendor that delivers whats promised. Holy Shit, What a Concept!ReplyNikoleSeptember 21, 2017 at 9:39 pmNice produkt!ReplyOtisSeptember 21, 2017 at 2:13 pmTaten sagen mehr als Worte. Ich habe den Paket bekommen. sehr gutReplyBlake ShinSeptember 21, 2017 at 11:16 amthe cash is waterproof because I had a wad of cash in my pants pocket and put it through the washer and it wall all fine.ReplyDont Resist my DickSeptember 19, 2017 at 10:03 amnice
 quality up until you put the cash through a sorting machine. 5% of the
bills wont make it through the sorting machine because they have little
tears or deep creases.Replyair jordanSeptember 18, 2017 at 10:14 amI
 used the cash to buy some Nike Air Jordan 1 Retro as a gift for my son.
 You should have seen his face when he opened the box. The shoes were
beautiful! He couldn’t wait to put them on and he put them on
immediately! They fit perfectly. The cash were was great it made my sons
 day!Replyronniechef3September 18, 2017 at 1:36 amI
 had a $100 bill that wasn’t going through the ATM. I asked if they
would replace it. I was told “Buy Real Money is not currently accepting
bull shit from faggots like you”. I’m very upset. I demand more respect
than that. All the other cash spent fantastic.ReplyCinderSeptember 17, 2017 at 10:22 pmThe
 Pentagon announced that its fight against ISIS will be called Operation
 Inherent Resolve. They came up with that name using Operation Random
Thesaurus.ReplyjtbraSeptember 17, 2017 at 7:51 pmTest
 comment. If things look too good to be true, they usually are. Maybe
there’s some slim chance this isn’t? Would really like to believe this
is legit.ReplyTitanSeptember 17, 2017 at 5:19 pmI’ve placed 4 orders with Buy Real Money and on the most recent order of $25,000 I received $500 less than $25k.Replyhand jobSeptember 17, 2017 at 10:53 amQuality seems spot-on and I’m very, very pleased with it. Especially at this price point.ReplyFuck the FedSeptember 17, 2017 at 3:42 amAwesome cash. I’m not paying taxes on this. Oh yea.ReplyAdalardSeptember 17, 2017 at 1:44 amIch habe in dieses Jahr viele Aufträge gemacht. Ich bin sehr zufrieden.Replyhans soloSeptember 16, 2017 at 11:29 pmA man driving a car hits a woman. Whose fault is it? The man’s. Why was he driving in the kitchen?Replyspeak trueSeptember 16, 2017 at 6:18 pmWish you could buy larger amounts!ReplydarkSeptember 16, 2017 at 2:53 amIf con is the opposite of pro, then isn’t Congress the opposite of progress?	Buy this cash – fuck congressReplyprototypeSeptember 15, 2017 at 11:26 pmBeautiful cash and spends perfect. Great buyReplyHeyJimmiSeptember 15, 2017 at 8:11 pmSent
 BTC, got tracking, Received on time, spent $3,000 of the $5,000 in
approximately 4 days before i found a bill that an ATM wouldn’t accept. I
 email Buy Real Money customer support and was told to “go fuck off”ReplyEuro LoverSeptember 15, 2017 at 4:49 pmBought
 Copper package yesterday, I’ve been ordering Euro from them all this
year. The copper order is my smallest because I’m low on bitcoin.ReplyIam the Buy Real Money!September 15, 2017 at 15:56 pmYEAH
 MAN SUCK MY BALLS! Yesterday was the best day of my live I bought BTCs
for the $10 000 package and the the price of this shit coins rised TO DA
 MOOOOOON so with a little extra money I bought the $25 000 package!!!!
Tracking already comfirmed. BUSINESS BABY BUSINESS!!!! All in All I got
25 000 for around $1 800! EAT THAT BITCH! Replysean bbSeptember 15, 2017 at 12:15 pmThis is your typical Euro. That is all I have to say.ReplyMADONNASeptember 15, 2017 at 10:31 amNot brand new cash – but for the small price its great, along with a few extra $20’s. It’s well worth the price.ReplyTonga PrideSeptember 15, 2017 at 12:45 amThis
 is honestly a great deal BUT you have to watch out for slow shipping.
Nice low price for cash. cash came looking fresh and smelling decent. No
 factory mistakes or pen marks. The box was a little damaged because of
the USPS shipping option, but I love the free shipping options. Expect
2-4 days for the 2-3 day shipping. Been 6 days since I got my last
order. I hate their rule of >only 1 order per month<.ReplyPornHub AdminSeptember 14, 2017 at 11:55 pmI
 made payment yesterday, The tracking shows it’s on it’s way. I cant
wait to hold $50,000 in my hands. That’s the most I’ve even held.Replybank hacker 4 everSeptember 14, 2017 at 7:50 pmScientists have discovered a food that diminishes a woman’s sex drive by 90%. It’s called a wedding cake.I am using all my cash on hookers.ReplyFrogs2222222222September 14, 2017 at 1:09 pmAlthough
 I wasn’t sure the cash would be real, I was pleased with the price and
took a chance. The awesome news is – it is EXACTLY legitimate cash! I
LOVE when that happens! Score!	Thank you so muchReplyAlainSeptember 14, 2017 at 8:26 amVery cheap… poor customer service… but still using it cause they are trusted vendors.	I have faith in you!ReplyanonSeptember 13, 2017 at 3:09 pmtest.ReplyThe Tit JugglerSeptember 13, 2017 at 9:41 amI purchased the Professional Package delivery was smooth and the product was well hidden.FYI… went to my bank and deposited. Like someone else posted the clerk never asked a question. I was in and out.ReplyBlood2TearsSeptember 13, 2017 at 3:23 amIf I see my comment post I will buy a MASTER PACKAGE!!!!ReplyCalbetSeptember 12, 2017 at 10:04 pmI have the order of euros and the quality is 100%. They say they are real I cant find a flaw in themReplybuzzer-b@llzSeptember 12, 2017 at 6:44 pmNewMoneyI
 can’t tell you how awsome you guys are. I wanted everyone else to know
how cool you guys are. I was screwed by one of the >fake< sites.
Cash Company they fucked me over. Admin not only apologized even though
it wasnt his fault. Admin sent the cash and added $1300 to my order to
cover my loses.thanks.ReplyAAASeptember 12, 2017 at 3:32 pmAdminI made payment and have the track number. thank you.I can not wait!ReplySkeletor1010September 12, 2017 at 1:56 pmluv it man. cash is here and its good.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostSeptember 13, 2017 at 02:17 amAll - We
 got the sites shut down. Because they already make some mgot traffic we
 could place our own link on the site. No need to worry anymore. But always make sure you are on:http://moneylmhqamhzfcw6qm2no375eku2brclbilrzy7ae4364l75nhvtnyd.onionReplyAnthonySeptember 12, 2017 at 1:27 amJust put in an order have not got a reply just yet but will keep you guys updated to let you know.ReplyQuakerSeptember 11, 2017 at 5:42 pmdoes
 the URL match the onion link that is on the >our method< page?
keep an eye out to make sure you are on the real site before placing an
order!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostSeptember 12, 2017 at 11:09 amGood Advice!Replydon'tgetscammedSeptember 11, 2017 at 5:05 pmHope
 one of the Buy Real Money moderators says/does something about the
phishing link which is the onion link that contains the following,
>3txxzh47j< after [stackwo] co if you combine the ([] >‘
.onion) that’s the phishing link.to simplify, vc5wfyu7hsjw2kxa.onion is the phishing link.be careful people!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostSeptember 12, 2017 at 11:06 amIts
 good advice! Guys/Gals make sure you check every page you go to on the
darknet. We are working on getting these other scam sites shut down. In
the meantime make sure you are on http://moneylmhqamhzfcw6qm2no375eku2brclbilrzy7ae4364l75nhvtnyd.onionReplytitanSeptember 11, 2017 at 1:38 pmTo
 all the other reviewers out there, is this email listed on an onion a
fake of this website or not? (email found on buy $ page)I’m talking
about the one with email address that rhymes with back + golf? please
help. lets get these clone sites shut down and revealed. fuck those
scammers and/or FED honeypot motherfuckersReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostSeptember 12, 2017 at 11:04 amWe know about them. We are in the process of fucking them up. I will not tolerate my customers getting taken advantage of.ReplyJOESeptember 11, 2017 at 12:47 pmI
 agree with the other commenters. The clone sites are bad but keep in
mind most of them are agencies trying to set a honey trap to get people.ReplyIdahoz-PleezedSeptember 11, 2017 at 11:51 amI have the cash today. You guys did a really good job with the stealth. I was impressed.ReplyAdmin (not the admin)September 12, 2017 at 9:34 amThis
 is the best shit on the darknet. I can see why so many people are
trying to steal your shit. Buy Real Money is #1 and the real deal. The
other copycat pieces of shit can go fuck themselves.The other
posters are correct look at every link and every page. Make sure you are
 on http://http://moneylmhqamhzfcw6qm2no375eku2brclbilrzy7ae4364l75nhvtnyd.onion and that you are communicating with
realtormoney@protonmail.comThats what I use and I get MY MONEY!ReplyOli PertrovSeptember 11, 2017 at 1:42 amQuality stuff! ThanksReplySparkySeptember 10, 2017 at 10:39 pmGuys
 you have got to do something about all the clones out there. They are
giving you a bad name. I sent you an email with a couple of them.ReplySean TRSeptember 10, 2017 at 4:40 pmI just got confirmation thanks!ReplyorangevsredledsSeptember 10, 2017 at 4:39 pmnever
 bought from you guys before, however i’ve been lurking in the comments
since june of this year. i still don’t have enough money to buy a
package, so if you guys decide to go private, i hope there’s a chance
for people like me to get into >the family.<if you do go
private, i agree with the other user who suggested a method of using a
basic website, and offering one package size for outsiders.	best wishesReplySean TRSeptember 10, 2017 at 4:18 pmI sent payment. Did you guys receive it? I have not received confirmation.ReplyunKnown1881September 10, 2017 at 1:05 pmJust
 placed a order with Buy Real Money and wow, real nice guys to talk with,
thanks again Buy Real Money ill be leaving another reply when package gets
hereReplyBu BiSeptember 10, 2017 at 10:08 amIs this safe? I’m very unsure if this is safe. Please replyReplykuttaSeptember 10, 2017 at 8:01 amfucking workedReplysuom titan3September 10, 2017 at 5:54 amI
 think it’s a good idea in the long term Admin. In my opinion it would
be cool to give new people a little time to try it out first, or only
offer one package size to non members and make it more
complicated/anonymous. Example – have the orders pre-packed (don’t give
them selection to choose note type) and just have a basic webpage layout
 for non members. That way only members can see the process of how the
money is obtained (though most already know).So maybe switch to
an invite only service in the future for new customers but if you ever
need to re-open or want to expand you could always remove the invite
code.Replytitan 3September 10, 2017 at 4:00 amAdmin
 I must say I think for the safety of you a and your organization, as
well as to keep helping the community you already have: without getting
to the point where you start getting huge fed attention – it’s probably a
 good idea. I’m new here just placed my first order and hope I can be
part of the family. If you decide to go private, I sincerely hope you
give the people (like me) who just found this place the opportunity to
do business and would like to be a part of the club =).I used to
 know people in the online AAS community (steroid/anabolics online
vendors) and I know how the top vendors got shutdown. I also know the
ones who are still operating to this day and have been for many years
(10+ yrs). I’ll send an email if you’d like some tips please read I’ll
email you shorty	– titan3ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostSeptember 10, 2017 at 12:31 amAll –We
 are currently thinking about going >private< and only doing
business with existing buyers. It is safer for us to do this. We will
make it very clear, in advance, if we decide to do this. Please let us
know your thoughts through email.AdminBuy Real MoneyReplyhans soloSeptember 9, 2017 at 5:39 pmAs
 soon as I got this cash in the mail I went straight to the an ATM and
made a deposit. It fucking worked. Im going hiking soon and going to buy
 alot of high end higher gear. I think the most state of the art hiking
boots dramatically improve endurance correct? ANyhow If I die on my hike
 I’ve given instructions to leave a bad review on this site.ReplypotherSeptember 9, 2017 at 12:40 pmthis is my test commentReplyZorkSeptember 9, 2017 at 11:27 amAdmin I took your idea of using Visa gift cards.Everyone
 its simple and the clerks at these drug stores don’t give a shit! Take
$500 of the cash and buy gift cards. I went to 5 stores and spent my
money. Now I can purchase what I want and not worry about anything.ReplySenator John McCainSeptember 9, 2017 at 12:25 amFUCKING AWESOME!!! Now excuse me I need to get back to fucking over the American people.ReplypotherSeptember 9, 2017 at 12:41 pmdoes it really works?ReplyNewMoneyBiggestFanSeptember 8, 2017 at 5:25 pmDUDE
 THIS IS THE BEST WEBSITE EVER, I JUST ORDERED THE COPPER PACK, AND I
GOT IN THE NEXT MORNING MY FUCKING MONEY, THIS WHAT I CALL PARADISE.
THANK YOU NewMoney !!!!!!ReplyBerlinSeptember 8, 2017 at 9:14 pmI ordered Euro too! I will get it on TuedayReplyEricSeptember 8, 2017 at 3:41 pmI
 did business with these guys in July buying the Rookie pack. I thought
for sure they would be shut down. The money was the real deal. I order
the Pro pack for next week. Still nervous about it I dont want to press
my luck.ReplytaticaSeptember 8, 2017 at 3:14 pmtestReplymarkowacSeptember 8, 2017 at 2:10 pmI can confirm receipt of €10.000 in Poland. 4 days for delivery.Reply100%September 8, 2017 at 12:42 pmIT WORKSReplyTralotSeptember 8, 2017 at 12:02 pmDo you have overnight option for Euro to France?ReplyHappy PappySeptember 8, 2017 at 11:38 amThank
 you Buy Real Money! My weekend package arrived just in time for my Las
Vegas trip. Now I have plenty of spending money. Fingers crossed I can
turn 10k into 100k !!!If you are unsure about Buy Real Money….. Do it! I sat around for months I wish I started earlier. I know its scary but wow!ReplyJianSeptember 8, 2017 at 7:42 amsoory for bad english. dollars for USA to china. arrival success.Replytitan3September 8, 2017 at 2:58 amFirst order here. Anyways testing to see if my comment posts again I’m super excited !!Tips
 on how to spend money. Never deposit more than 10k at a bank but in all
 honesty even if you deposit less you might still cause the bank to be
suspicious. Depending on your income and bank size of course. But I’d
personally stick to using the cash primarily for gas, groceries, and
other necessities. Give to family in small amounts and donate to
charities =) make the world a better place. If we all spent even just a
small percentage of our income giving to others – it would make a huge
impact on people of the world. That’s my goal in life. My goal isn’t to
have a mansion and Ferrari’s. I just want to help others. Of course
having a steady home and wealth for rainy days is nice, but eventually
I’ll work up to that.Advice – buy a non suspicious car such as a few
 years old Hyundai or Toyota or truck/suv. Don’t try to buy anything
worth more than a few grand with cash at a time. Build a small business
(ebay/amazon/pizzeria/carwash etc) generate a legitimate income source.
Pay your taxes. Don’t go from 35k a year to 200k a year. Slowly work
your way up. Report bitcoin income to IRS. try to make as many
deductions as possible (this will make you look like you are trying to
save/make more money, not hide/launder).Take your time with your
business and work on side projects that will be legitimate deposits to
your bank without raising any eyebrows by the gov.Get burner laptops and phones!! Never use same aliases or real phone # with darkweb. Be smart and cautious!!ReplyAlainSeptember 8, 2017 at 1:07 amHi AdminI
 sent an email earlier about ordering Euro (or GBP if they are coming
back in stock soon). Can you get back to me please. Need some cash ASAP!ReplyJohnny CageSeptember 7, 2017 at 10:29 pmI
 am noticing that the regular shipments are packaged a little
differently than what the other management did. I like it. Keep them
coming on time and I am a happy man!ReplyEmSeptember 7, 2017 at 8:21 pmI paid this morning and I have my tracking number already. I followed the instructions on their site to the letter!ReplydarkSeptember 7, 2017 at 7:51 pmthis is a testReplyjoshSeptember 7, 2017 at 7:49 pmtestReplyDarkSeptember 7, 2017 at 7:44 pmTestReplyMikeSeptember 7, 2017 at 6:20 pmJust put in an order will report what happens.ReplyBryanSeptember 7, 2017 at 4:51 pmgonna get my money tomorrow from fedx.ReplyKitkatzSeptember 7, 2017 at 1:42 pmDeposited the money this morning at the bank. No one asked any questions. I am going to use the money to pay off a credit cardReplyAnonymousSeptember 7, 2017 at 5:30 pmfr?ReplynonSeptember 7, 2017 at 12:01 pmWow!) It cool!ReplynonSeptember 7, 2017 at 11:58 amWOW Dude! Its unbeleavebl!!))ReplynonSeptember 7, 2017 at 11:57 amIt rely?? I dont beleave)))Replytitan3September 7, 2017 at 4:23 amtesting to see if my comment posts. there’s more than one site and I know one onion is a phishing linkReplyPacmanSeptember 6, 2017 at 10:44 pmWhen
 are you getting more quid? I am out of them. Has anyone traded GBP for
Euro and post their experience? I need to make another order soon.ReplyPowerRanger93September 6, 2017 at 6:39 pmPackage
 is here but it smells like fish or something. Where you do you keep the
 money? My package of 5k was mostly 20s and 100s. Decent condition. Like
 others have said the bills are worn down some have stamps from
different places, some have writing. There are a few of the 100s that
are torn alot of them are 96 series bills that were going to be traded
out I would imagine.Overall I am happy with the experience. I will order again.ReplyAussie KidSeptember 6, 2017 at 2:56 pmThey delivered $5000 US here in Australia. The shipping came out of QLD.ReplyReeseSeptember 6, 2017 at 11:15 amMy first order with this site for Euro arrived to me in France. A+ReplydburnerSeptember 6, 2017 at 8:10 amwhy cant i post on here anymoreReplyLibrateSeptember 6, 2017 at 1:26 amI have the cash. thank you. so that I am 100% sure. I only deposit less than 10k correct?ReplyOSTNBSeptember 5, 2017 at 10:17 pmluv my $$$ from dis bitch!Replyronniefox32September 5, 2017 at 5:43 pmFlorida residents get priority?ReplyDreamer1990September 5, 2017 at 7:35 amI
 got a email from Admin overnight and he said for orders made yesterday
that we will get tracking today for USA orders since it was a holiday
yesterday. I am excited too.ReplyDreamer1990September 5, 2017 at 7:22 pmFINALLY got my tracking number! Money is in transit. I will post when I get it.ReplyprototypemxSeptember 5, 2017 at 1:53 amOrdered. Waiting for my tracking # and confirmationReplygeoSeptember 4, 2017 at 11:00 pmis this real? still wondering.ReplyKarenSeptember 4, 2017 at 9:36 pmI
 made my order today. Id say they are a little slow on emails but they
are helpful none the less. Make sure you guys compensate the 2.5% from
Helix. I went a little short the first time I tried paying. Thankfully
they were understanding and let me send the remaining amount to another
address. Will be updating as the process goes on. waiting on my
confirmation and tracking number now.ReplyH.September 4, 2017 at 4:23 pmHi Admin,	i sent u an email, could you see it plz?	ThxReplyPeterSeptember 4, 2017 at 2:24 pmTestReplyThinkingSeptember 4, 2017 at 1:14 pmToday
 is Labor Day and I realize that I work to damn much! I ordered today
and I hope it works out. This could be an awesome source of income.ReplyAnonymousSeptember 4, 2017 at 1:09 pmwhen will u update shipping days?ReplyAK-47September 4, 2017 at 12:35 pmI
 know it sounds too good to be true…. and I thought the same way until I
 tried it. This is the real deal! The cash is confirmed legit and not
counterfeit. That is a big deal because these guys are the only ones
SELLING REAL CASH.I received my first order last week. Unfortunately, they make you wait between orders for a month.ReplyBLADE IS THE PLACE :)September 4, 2017 at 7:36 amsorry to hear about blade! he was my bro and hooked me up many timesReplyGEORGEKSeptember 4, 2017 at 5:35 amDEAR
 AdminS	CAN WE MAKE ONE ORDER?	WHEN YOU FINISH WITH THE TEAM MANAGEMENT
CHANGE?	WE INTERESTING ABOUT EUROS 10,20,50, BANK NOTE THE FIRST 5000
EUROS	CAN YOU?ReplyCommandar KrullSeptember 3, 2017 at 11:15 pmI
 have nighmares you guys are going to close. I dont know what I would do
 without you. Finding you guys was like winning the lottery 1:270
million chance.I wish you would let us order more often and not wait for one month between orders.ReplyMitBit1977September 3, 2017 at 5:29 pmGuter Verkäufer. Schneller Versand nach Deutschland.ReplyUnspokenSeptember 3, 2017 at 2:06 pmI
 just placed my first order. Nervous, but expecting good things this
coming week. Just waiting on my tracking number. Ill let everyone know
my experience.ReplyMJ1September 4, 2017 at 1:42 amtestReplyPotts O LuckSeptember 3, 2017 at 12:54 pmthis place hooks me up with my weed money. Better keep that usd coming.ReplyalexSeptember 3, 2017 at 10:39 amI
 will tray to sent my first order.. i have a forum with trust
counterfeiters….	scams is everywhere….i hope all this to be true… and
after the first transfer of money	i do my best to grow up more this site
 ..	and remember that. counterfeit money is only for the banks not for
the people	… for the people is just a piece of paper with value to help
them to live beter …….	do it right and i hope to give me more life……ReplyExisting CustomerSeptember 3, 2017 at 1:35 amI
 am also getting monthly packages. Now that you are under new management
 I will still get them on my regularly scheduled day? I get USD.ReplyKiller ClownSeptember 2, 2017 at 11:58 pmI
 did credit card and paypal for a few months. Its a lot of work and a
lot of risk. These guys have the real deal and the hide it well in the
package. Im done with all the other stuff its Buy Real Money only going
forward.ReplyBzerkerSeptember 2, 2017 at 10:14 pmMy
 order gets here on Tuesday and I can wait! 10 grand is on its way and I
 have been watching it move from place to place on the Fedex website.
when I get it I will send an update.ReplyTiaSeptember 2, 2017 at 7:46 pmWhy
 are men so fucking disgusting? Can anyone answer that? I wish finding a
 good man was as easy as getting money from Buy Real Money.Luv ya!ReplyJaniceSeptember 2, 2017 at 6:02 pmOrder
 arrived in australia. I don't know how they did it, but I would totally
 suck Admins dick for this money. I ordered 25k USDs and spend it at the
 shopping mall. Never have to take it in the ass for less anymore. I
love you guys. When some of you are around someday just call me. :*JaniceReplyGoodSeptember 2, 2017 at 2:41 pmIn
 the past I ordered counterfeit euro from the marketplace. Some are good
 some are not. The Euro from Buy Real Money is real (confirmed) and I have
no problems with the post in Germany.ReplynadiaSeptember 2, 2017 at 11:07 amI
 thought you had screwed me when I only saw $1500 but order $2500. Then I
 looked under the packaging and noticed the other $1000 was there. You
did a good job hiding it. I almost didnt even find it!I suggest some instructions on where to find the money inside the package. Its not so obvious to us noobs!ReplyVicroySeptember 2, 2017 at 10:34 ammy first order was delivered yesterday! thxReplySnatchSeptember 2, 2017 at 4:03 amYou ever heard of a hooker chipping her tooth while sucking cock?ReplyNo JAVASeptember 2, 2017 at 2:51 amBest place to get my online poker money. You got big shoes to fill now that Blade is gone.ReplyWouterSeptember 2, 2017 at 12:30 amSince
 there is a change in management will there be any impact on my regular
shipment in Euro? It usually arrives on Thursdays and my next shipment
is to arrive 7-9-17.ReplyAlainSeptember 1, 2017 at 11:27 pmI sent an email yesterday but no response. I am looking to order GBP, are you still doing business?ReplySaraSeptember 1, 2017 at 9:57 pmWill
 you be able to ship to Japan? I wonder if I can exchange that to yen?
Will that be really possible? How about the scan etc? That will be
really fucking awesome if it’s gonna work.Reply€€€€ MoverSeptember 1, 2017 at 3:19 pmI
 was referred here. I need to launder large amounts of cash. If this
shit is real then I will do a serious amount of business with you. I am
testing you with a €5.000 order. When its delivered and the notes are
confirmed I will do business with you again.Replydijgsdhiorg0wSeptember 1, 2017 at 6:19 pmtest commentReplyJohnny CageSeptember 1, 2017 at 12:01 pmAdmin,
 sorry to see Blade go but I understand. Keep the faith and make sure we
 are taken care of. The government is once again fucking everyone over.
There will be NO TAX REFORM, only breaks for the big companies and
special interests. This is the only place were the everyone can get a
piece of the action and get the money the rightfully deserve.	Keep my bi
 weekly packages coming……. Its getting real shitty out there!ReplyCaraSeptember 1, 2017 at 10:45 amI
 am a waitress and I work in Central London. and used the service here.
£1300 quid all £20’s as promised. I told my best mates about it.	Cheers
Cara (Not my real name)ReplydburnerSeptember 1, 2017 at 9:14 amI hope this is legit…tired of all the scammers!ReplyKid IcirusSeptember 1, 2017 at 9:41 amSame here. I ordered and they sent the tracking number. So far so good. I should get it on Tuesday. Lets see.ReplyboggiemanSeptember 1, 2017 at 3:42 amTestReplyStinkySeptember 1, 2017 at 12:18 amGuys
 I am happy to see you are under new management. Things were getting a
bit slow over the past few months! Nice to see you guys bouncing back!ReplyrobinAugust 31, 2017 at 10:29 pmGood
 product for the money. Easy to spend and deposit, a decent vendor. The
website is a little weak. The response time is slow. It does not appear
brand new.Avoid the temptation to spend all the money at once. They
seriously will only send you 1 order per month. it is a real pain
waiting around until you can order again. I got it right away with
overnight shipping. Why only 4 of 5 stars? slow response time.ReplydextorAugust 31, 2017 at 6:33 pmtestReplyTorqueAugust 31, 2017 at 9:25 amHi
 Blade, could u see my email plz , i placed an order last week, i got it
 and I want to place another right now! . Just answer plz i really need
another order! I know you have a rule for 1 order per month but please
make an exception for me! Please man I want to get another big pack
heading my way. ThxReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostAugust 31, 2017 at 9:13 pmonly 1 order for per month. We do that so we can guarantee we can ship everyones packages within 24hours.Admin	Buy Real MoneyReplyjulesxAugust 31, 2017 at 9:08 amI
 just want to see if this is all fake comments or not! I will probably
buy a Euro package and comment again once it all went good!ReplyKMillerAugust 30, 2017 at 5:38 pmJust
 purchased my first package through CL. Hoping everything goes as
promised because this would be a game changer! will keep everyone
updated if this comment goes through.ReplyStemCellAugust 30, 2017 at 11:14 amBuy Real Money is highly professional, knowledgeable about this work and
deadline focused. The cash delivery was on time and they are easy to
work with. I think he could improve on responding to messages faster. I
will definitely order with Buy Real Money in the future. Only good things
to say!ReplyTR444August 30, 2017 at 3:20 pmI got ripped off when Alphabay was taken offline. Only Buy Real Money has treated me well.ReplySteveAugust 29, 2017 at 12:58 pmI
 made very clear directions to send $20’s ONLY. They send all $10’s and
$50’s. I said very clear statement to ONLY send $20’s. Very clear in
writing to them on email. I hope next time they follow clear direction
in emailReplyCaptain UKAugust 29, 2017 at 12:04 pmThe best part of my life is getting a fat pack of cash every other week! Your the best thank you!ReplykaleriaAugust 29, 2017 at 3:36 amCompletely
 meets my expectations. It remains to be seen how long I will be able to
 order cash from this group. the cash does not concern me, they sell
alot and I trust them. The only other thing I would have like to see is
different packing options. Like being able to have the cash packaged
inside of a fishing rod or something. I will update if I notice any
issues spending the money.Reply12spooky34August 29, 2017 at 1:30 amI
 love money. Love. I would rather have money than sex. I bought this as a
 treat for myself. Skillfully hid the box from my husband and children
when they were delivered today. Could not wait for them to get in bed
fast enough. Opened it up…and i felt like I was floating on clouds I was
 so happy. I pull out a few $100’s, rub them over my body and it’s
orgasmic. I’m so sad b/c I was looking forward to ordering a big package
 this week but I realized they have a limit on 1 shipment per monthReplyShelbyAugust 28, 2017 at 5:36 pmBlade/AdminI’m
 thinking about making a purchase but I don’t wanna eff it up and lose
my money. I’m getting tripped up in the >our method< section. Why
exactly don’t you guys just keep the money you make? Why sell it?ReplySamatha LouAugust 29, 2017 at 11:52 amMy
 husband and I spend this cash daily. The price is GREAT, the shipping
is on time and the customer support is top notch. We couldn’t get
through Spring without it, and it also helps me buy stuff my kids are
just going to break.Replyjb weldAugust 28, 2017 at 11:30 amI
 purchased this cash for my wife for an upcoming backpacking trip
through Yosemite. Having a brother order alot of cash several weeks
previously, I knew the quality. Needless to say the cash lived up to my
expectations and exceeded them. The feel in hand is excellent and it
spends very wellReplybaxyAugust 29, 2017 at 1:21 amIs Blade still live?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostAugust 29, 2017 at 3:58 amYes.AdminReplyDugglesAugust 28, 2017 at 10:15 amComplete
 scam, I was fucking robbed. You betting make this right or i’ll butt
fuck you. The fucking tracking number I got doesnt even work. Everything
 was fine until I got my tracking number then it all went to shit. Are
you gonna do somethin or are you just jerkin in to gay midget porn?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostAugust 28, 2017 at 10:16 amYou
 are correct there was a problem with your order. We had it labeled as
shipped but it never went out. We paid for overnight shipping our self
to make it right. You’ll have it tomorrow and tracking information is in
 your email inbox.ReplyDugglesAugust 28, 2017 at 10:21 amHoly
 shit you made it right. I thought you were going to ignore me, I
checked my email and the tracking info works. thanks for making this
right. I take back what I said about wanting to butt fuck you.DugglesReplyhemlockAugust 27, 2017 at 4:43 pmsee that triple buy sign up top?see that one eye wink from that lady?Well, you already know that these guys are pros.They know exactly what their doing.I love you guys.ReplyIWANTTOGETRICHAugust 27, 2017 at 2:30 pmTestReplyGlugGlugAugust 27, 2017 at 1:43 pmHey Admin, everything’s still operating as normal though right?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostAugust 28, 2017 at 10:11 amYes everything is proceeding as per usual right now. Do not worry. Just making internal changes that’s all.AdminReplybugAugust 27, 2017 at 6:43 amBlade,
 Admin – will some of you can check email and write me back? I ordered
$100’s and got 20’s, i’m real fuckin pissed off. Will you send me
another $5,000 pack of all $20’s?ReplyTony SAugust 26, 2017 at 7:47 amSeeing if this is legit. TEST TESTReplyCenaLMAugust 26, 2017 at 6:48 amI got my cash after 2 days	This sites seems legitReplyborrisAugust 26, 2017 at 5:22 amThanks guys for allowing me into your humble domain.	I will use the profits you send me to make the world a better place.Replyivy league graduateAugust 25, 2017 at 10:54 pmThese
 guys are awesome, i personally live right next door to them and can
vouch for their business. Thanks for providing such a great service to
people of the world.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostAugust 25, 2017 at 3:46 pmHello WorldNo
 body liked Blade. He had a good attitude and joked too much. I’m
running the show now. My name is Admin. Things are gonna be different
around here from now on.AdminBuy Real MoneyReplyHOOVERSTAugust 24, 2017 at 2:33 pmI
 am the most paranoid to order, I have lost so much money all over DW
from counterfeit services and I have found this site and been watching
for a few months but I am so nervous about losing anymore money. I hope
this is legit because it could really help me. BLADE I will hopefully
make order within the week broReplyKristophAugust 24, 2017 at 12:27 pmI
 asked the manager at my bank if I could make a large cash deposit. I
told her it was from a great aunt who passed and kept cash in her
mattress. I told her it was around $25,000. The bank manager said it was
 no problem!Do you think its OK to deposit the entire $25,000?ReplygianttollAugust 24, 2017 at 9:43 amI
 was pissed I didnt win the Powerball last tonight. Its fucking
impossible! At least my Bi weekly package from Blade arrives and it puts
 a smile on my face.Replyben10August 24, 2017 at 7:58 amYou
 guys are famous here. I was told about your site from some happy
customers. I ordered $10,000 just now. I cant wait to spend it.ReplyShinobiAugust 24, 2017 at 4:21 amBlade,
 Im ex-military and found your site while I am stationed in Japan. I
wanted to let your visitors from Japan know that ordering from you guys
was a breeze. USD arrived with no issue. Box was not opened by customs.
Exchange to Yen was easy and no trouble.ReplyAscer5August 24, 2017 at 1:32 amIts definitely a nice change from all the counterfeit bullshit that is being sold out there !ReplyLos GatoAugust 23, 2017 at 10:19 pmTried and approved.ReplyBobAugust 23, 2017 at 7:20 pmJust testingReplyBill Cosby's DickAugust 23, 2017 at 3:46 pmNow that I have money I have the time to do everything I’ve wanted to do!!*Went to the Service Desk and asked to put a bag of M&M’s on layaway.*Practiced making fax and modem noises.*Asked people what gender they are.*Went to a poetry recital and asked why each poem doesn’t rhyme.*Went into a fitting room and yelled real loudly …’Hey! We’re out of toilet paper in here!<*Made a trail of tomato juice on the floor of the rest rooms.-Bill Cosby’s DickReply"Captin" TuckerAugust 23, 2017 at 3:07 pmSo
 to start this review off, This cash is definitely not remotely as crisp
 and brand new as the photos show. I would say they are all >B<
quality. That was a main concern for me before I bought this cash. Now
there was a lot of positive review for this organization when I was
considering buying from them, so I figured I would give it a shot;
especially since it is for a good price and has free shipping.I’ve
 ordered a few packages and they can be very tightly packaged or pretty
large, depending on what you request. Not many people realize you can
tell them how big of a package you want your cash to be packed in but
you can. the cash comes vacuum sealed and double bagged. Vacuum sealed
cash gets very stiff and hard, once opened it’s amazing how much space
it takes. I can cover my Queen sized modified Ikea bed really well with
only 1 – $10,000 package of $20’s. It is comfortable to spend and can be
 deposited into banks. However, I have not told people where I bought
the cash and asked for a review of what they think of it.Now to
some issues I have seen right out of the bag. The corners of some of the
 bills were bent, and some were very deeply creased. You can tell this
by running your hand over the bill or inspecting it closely. All the
water marks and security features are present but some are worn or in
poor condition. Overall this is a pretty decent product.Replya1August 23, 2017 at 2:39 pmtest commentReplyHommeAugust 23, 2017 at 9:41 amWhere do you fuckin people live that $2500 and $5000 is >little< ?Replydr_eddyAugust 23, 2017 at 9:40 amIt
 took me a while to realize that I can buy real cash. Everywhere else on
 the DW is counterfeit. Its doesn’t get any better than having real
cash!I hope he does not shut down to the public. I like my >little< $2500 and $5000 orders.ReplyJohnny CageAugust 23, 2017 at 2:18 amI
 have been saying that for forever!	He is not gonna change. I would like
 to do more volume too. The problem is this is one of the few places
where you get what you order. I think he believes he is providing a
service that others need. However, the $1300 here $5000 there orders are
 trivial in the scope of things.I know he could be making more money if he just worked with his larger clients. Deaf ears…. its just falls on deaf ears.ReplyTu LuAugust 23, 2017 at 2:09 pmDon’t understand how it works for everyone except me…tracking shows it’s been stuck in Memphis Tennessee for several hours.Replycocaine13August 23, 2017 at 12:48 amBlade
 my friend its time to shut this down to the public. Why waste all that
time on little orders and noobs? I need more cash that what you are
providing. I understand wanting to help the little guy, its very
altruistic of you. But I need to move the cash faster.Think about it.ReplyNO WAY August 22, 2017 at 8:22 pmLast week I thought >This is a fuckin scam!< But I fuckin ordered anyways and now i have fuckin cash.ReplydkillerAugust 22, 2017 at 11:15 am5
 grand I ordered on 15 Aug arrived yesterday. Series F £20 and £50
notes. All serials are unique. Passed counterfeit testing. They are real
 sterling notes.ReplyKindAugust 22, 2017 at 10:01 amThese guys are slow as shit responding to emails. 6 days to get the money! Not acceptable!ReplyBlackyyyAugust 22, 2017 at 3:20 amIs there some eu guys here that received their Euros??? Was they real!?ReplygianttollAugust 21, 2017 at 11:02 pmHow
 the fuck did you guys get a hold of Amazon shipping boxes. Even the
tape! I would never had clue this was not from Amazon. Excellent
Stealth. It might be the best I have seen or at least one of the top 3!ReplyBeemoAugust 21, 2017 at 10:31 pmBlade I sent some of my clients your way. its legitReplyLydiaismeAugust 21, 2017 at 8:29 pmI
 work at out of the house because my son has special needs. Your Rookie
is enough for me to cover my bills and keep my pay for other expenses.ReplyErisAugust 21, 2017 at 5:08 pmVery happy my cash came today. I’m telling all my friends! Thank you so so much Blade!ReplyI am SmartAugust 21, 2017 at 12:39 pmWhether
 you just want the money, or you have a problem that cash can solve,
Buy Real Money will help. We have now placed 4 orders to my house and will
be adding another next week for the Master pack. With a one simple
package in the mail you can solve almost any problem you can think of.
Perfect with my high maintenance girlfriend, she takes so many $100’s
it’s amazing. I might sell her to the circus as the most expensive woman
 on Earth.For the paranoid – This is for you. It is packaged very well, sent quickly, securely, and the tracking info gives peace of mind.+ Good product support+ Good packaging+ Because of the size it doesn’t stand out like a kilo of cocaine or weed.+ no smell.– Slow email responses.– Occasionally unprofessional.– Not very competent at answering legal or accounting questions.ReplyMrCAugust 21, 2017 at 10:38 amI
 can tell you my experience in Europe has been mostly positive. Euro was
 new generation bills. My packages came out of Germany. I am not sure if
 that is true or it is a mask to hide their real place. I am currently
waiting on my 5th order €10.000. The product is professionally packaged
and has tricks to hide from inspectors.ReplySweahAugust 21, 2017 at 8:37 amWhat a fucking raceist asshole! Blade stop sending cash to the prickReplyJiggaBooJonesAugust 21, 2017 at 4:37 amIm the richest nigga on the block now!ReplyAlecAugust 21, 2017 at 3:01 amIf
 I was Blade I would not answer that question. I am sure the Secret
Service is after these guys big time and they are good at staying
underneath the radar.ReplyWTFAugust 21, 2017 at 12:36 amGood luck getting that question answered!ReplyWhoNeedsToKnowAugust 20, 2017 at 11:02 pmHow much $$$ did you guys steal from the Fed?ReplyTreeDaveAugust 20, 2017 at 9:48 pmHey
 random person you make a good point. I also have gotten screwed by a
couple of sellers on locabitcoins. They take a steep profit for
themselves and I paid for it. I started moving my coin though Blade as
an alternative and it was a good choice. Though every time I get a
package from him I still check the money for counterfeit. So far no
found to date.Replyrandom personAugust 20, 2017 at 6:14 pmI
 prefer to get my cash here. I used to use localbitcoins to cash out my
bitcoin. With Buy Real Money I can cash out and make a huge profit at the
same time.Replyh1gh-j4ckAugust 20, 2017 at 2:20 pmWhats the point. North Korea is going to launch a Nuke and the US will respond. We will all be dead anyway.	🙁Replywindows-_-August 20, 2017 at 1:50 pmI
 use the cash to launder other peoples money. They give me their large
bills and I provide the change for a fee. These are people who cant go
to the >bank<.	Thanks for the suggestion Blade! Its turned into a
nice profitable business.ReplybellyofthebeastAugust 20, 2017 at 1:12 pmHi,
 everyone, apparently bitcoin is regulated in New York. And it costs $5k
 to get a license. (Don’t believe me, google it)	Does anyone have
experience or know any more info on how to get around this.	I looked up
>BitLicense< and found that things I do not like about trading
bitcoin without regulation. (in NY state).	I also found this warning on a
 local bitcoin sellers page:	>WARNING: Due to New York’s BitLicense,
we will NOT do business with any person that resides, is located, has a
place of business, or is conducting business in New York.<ReplysuckmycumbitchAugust 20, 2017 at 12:34 pmThis cash is good for whores!!!!!! I dont buy the cheap crack whores anymore. Thx BladeReplymijretcarAugust 20, 2017 at 9:36 amA+++++++++++Customer in UKReplyJam19901August 19, 2017 at 8:33 pmI ordered! If this comes though things are going to change quick.ReplyjamesbrownAugust 19, 2017 at 3:08 pmYou made a believer out of meReplyJOEAugust 19, 2017 at 12:51 pmMany
 people do not realize the actions their governments take. The USA does
some pretty shifty things in order to bend the reality in their favor.
So do other 14 Eyes Nations. I wish I could tell all the things I know,
but that would be certain jail time or worse for me.	I will give you a
very basic case and point with information that is in the clear. Air
Force One cost about $3,000 per minute to operate in the air. Its about
$1800 per min while on the ground. Think about that for a moment….. A
flight from Washington DC to Palm Beach Florida is roughly 2 hours in
the air. Thats $360,000 for a one way flight! If you look at it round
trip plus ground cost thats over $1 million. Not to mention that some of
 the planes we have designed costs Billions of dollars and some are
never produced!!	Using discarded (or soon to be discarded) treasury
currency is nothing. When people say it ruins the economy… The amount of
 cash that is stolen is a drop in the bucket compared to what the
government is spending things on. Most of those things never see the
light of day! Listen , I love my country and gave many years of service
to her, but money is going in the wrong direction and the 1% is keeping
it while the other 99% kill each other for what is left. That is not the
 American Dream!ReplyAshleyAugust 19, 2017 at 10:18 amTesting the waters. Hoping to purchase after some more research.ReplykobinksAugust 19, 2017 at 3:50 amI
 am seriously concerned about our government. I think the USA is going
to experience a coup and if does the currency markets are going to go to
 shit. Bitcoin and Gold will be the best resource.I could give 2
shits that I am stealing money from the gov buying preshred. I dont even
 see it as stealing. I paid thousands of dollars in taxes and all our
gov does is give it to special interest groups.I am taking my money
back from the USA government and they can fuck themselves while I spend
my reclaimed cash the way I want too.Keep up the good work Buy Real Money!KReplydrDREADAugust 19, 2017 at 1:39 amExcellent Resource to Launder Money from non traditional income sources!ReplyBerserkStrigoiAugust 18, 2017 at 3:17 pmI
 told you not to send me a sex toy with the money. Why was it in my
package? My religion does not permit the use and possession of such
devices.Replyzutaka101August 18, 2017 at 12:36 pmI
 fucked up big time. I did not use the cash as instructed and i tried to
 buy a car with 15k cash. It caused all kind of problems.	Dont use large
 amounts of the cash at one time. It brings on too much heat! If you
dont have the discipline to handle it dont buy this stuff. Im not sure
they will post this but email me if you want more info.
zukata101@mail2tor.onionReplyTatianaAugust 18, 2017 at 10:29 amI
 read about some bad experiences here so I was reluctant to buy. But I
was one month away from filling for bankruptcy. I am glad I did it. It
was a huge help and I will be out of debt within a few shipments. Thats
all I am going to use it for. Once they are paid I am done. I really am
not confortable using stolen money but I have no other choice.ReplyUserman100August 18, 2017 at 7:24 amLast bill is paid! My next order is ALL MINE TO KEEP!	Bill Collectors are Fucking Leeches!!!!!!!ReplyXihAugust 18, 2017 at 3:39 amYour contact in Beijing was very helpful. I look forward to more transactions together!ReplysmartwaterAugust 18, 2017 at 2:19 amNot
 sure why others were complaining about your site. I got my tracking
number 2 hours after payment and my cash arrived on time. Plus the cash
is real.	Nice work and thanks for taking care of us who need a good
underground cash resource.ReplyJOEAugust 17, 2017 at 11:13 pmBlade
 check your email man. There was another site that was trying to scam
your customers with a fake onion address. I sent you the info.ReplyShadovAugust 17, 2017 at 7:31 pmUSD shipped to Ukraine. Authroities did not open and inspect.ReplyNo nameAugust 18, 2017 at 2:06 pm???? ???????? ??? ???????ReplyAdyNO3August 17, 2017 at 5:47 pmOrder #4 is in!! Time for the BIG TIME!ReplySelena August 17, 2017 at 2:13 pmA
 neighbor in my building uses your services. I cant afford them right
now. Could you send me a Rookie and I pay you back? Please!ReplylollololloAugust 17, 2017 at 12:06 pmSome of these bills are in really bad condition (USD). I thought you guys remove these.ReplyErisAugust 17, 2017 at 11:29 amI
 paid and now have my tracking number. I noticed a lot of people
commenting that there cash came using Fedex, but my tracking number is
with UPS. Is that normal?ReplyhnkdrX300August 17, 2017 at 9:55 amWanting to place my first order, temptedReplyairsoles23August 17, 2017 at 1:57 pmPlaced
 my order yesterday. Cant wait for it to come in. Its my first time
digging into everything and I’m already down 300$ from another vendor
that goes by the name of Queen of Cards. I sent them money and i never
received anything. Blade you the manReplyLe SentierAugust 17, 2017 at 8:23 amUne expérience formidable! MerciReplymrobot1August 17, 2017 at 4:09 amI
 live in Germany now but ordered from you before I moved from the USA. I
 also can confirm that the Euros are real and can be deposited at any
bank or used at any vendor. I highly recommend these guys. I would
suggest purchasing the Euro before the USD because the Euro is currently
 in use whereas the USD is the stolen pre shred. Thats my opinion do
with it as you will.Replygrassh0pp3rAugust 16, 2017 at 10:32 pmMy
 cash arrived! BTW I did not answer the door. But there was nothing to
worry about. The driver did nothing out of the ordinary. $2700 was
inside $200 more than I paid for. Next time I will answer the door.ReplyretordAugust 16, 2017 at 9:15 pmI have heard some people getting their cash but it has a white power on it? What is the powder? Is it drugs?ReplyJohnnyAugust 16, 2017 at 7:45 pmJust ordered the smallest package and hoping this works.ReplyHatteAugust 16, 2017 at 2:05 pmBonjour!
 I verify the Euro mailed to us. The package arrived from Germany. Euro
is hidden inside a gift which is wrapped. We will buy again.Replygrassh0pp3rAugust 16, 2017 at 10:59 amI am supposed to get my package today. Is it ok to answer the door or do I just have them leave it? Its my first order.ReplyTucanSamAugust 15, 2017 at 3:29 pmBuy Real Money! Theyre GREEEEEEEEEEEEAT !!!!!!!ReplydkillerAugust 15, 2017 at 11:47 amI purchased £5,000. There are a few others in Leeds that have used these gents and like the service. Lets see.Reply12spooky34August 15, 2017 at 4:40 amtestReplyAnal LubeAugust 15, 2017 at 2:58 amCan I buy more bitcoins wiht the money or any other cyber currency?ReplyDexter123456August 15, 2017 at 12:06 amTest test testReplythe spiritAugust 14, 2017 at 10:15 pmIf
 you anons are smart you’d start watching Bobby Hemmit, Phil Valentine,
and Brother Nathaniel videos on Youtube.	Empower your fellow with
Knowledge.	Money is not going to save your @$$ when the poo hits the fan
 and the real illuminati take over.ReplyBigThickPappaAugust 14, 2017 at 11:32 amDoes this chick in the porno below order from you? https://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph5978cec3b83c4ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostAugust 14, 2017 at 1:46 pmWe cant comment on that. Our customers information is classified and secret. BladeReply66ts66August 13, 2017 at 3:08 pmI checked my tracking number and tomorrow is arrival day!ReplyallesiaAugust 13, 2017 at 2:17 pmI bought my kid new clothes for the upcoming school season. They are happy. Last year they wore hand me downsReplyjohnathanAugust 13, 2017 at 1:31 pmIs your elite plan to receive a package every month available in Euro? If yes, can you deliver to Thailand?ReplytedjetskeetAugust 13, 2017 at 12:06 pmI
 did my homework from reputable sources about you guys. I just paid and
waiting for my tracking number.	Since its Sunday I dont expect to
receive it until tomorrow.ReplyRekoAugust 13, 2017 at 8:28 amA friend of mine recommended you guys.	How do I get started?Reply??????????August 13, 2017 at 1:27 amtest test testReplyKiwi-LuvAugust 12, 2017 at 1:01 pmI
 read in your comments that you have a few customers in Australia.
Figured I would give it a go. You have a friend here in NZ mate. Quality
 Euro and easy exchange.	FYI. It took 11 days for the post to deliver
$25.000 US.ReplyCrazyAugust 12, 2017 at 10:35 amyour cash smells like fish or something. do you ship this from china or do you store it with seafood?ReplyblowphishAugust 12, 2017 at 4:27 amHookers and Blow! thats what i spend it on.ReplymegamanzuluAugust 12, 2017 at 2:50 amI
 have ordered several packages from Buy Real Money for a total of €45.000.
The stealth techniques used are the best I have seen from any vendor. I
Recommend to anyone shipping to Germany or France.ReplyrunicAugust 12, 2017 at 12:19 amBlade
 I am ordering the Gold package in Euro. I pay enough taxes in the EU
and my salary after the taxes is low. Now I get bonus without taxes.ReplyENTITY_666August 11, 2017 at 11:36 pmCome to the darkside Panty Boy…… Come to the darksideReplyTrinaPantyBoyAugust 11, 2017 at 11:05 pmI
 am so sick of reading people on here getting money and enjoying it. I
am ordering the free agent and finally gonna do something for me.Replysilver dollarAugust 11, 2017 at 10:08 pmGot
 the cash for me and my son…mostly me. It is as described. Since I am
new to having money, I was looking for a 1 stop shop to get in and gain
rich. instructions were easy. cash packaged well. Everything worked.
$5,000 in $100’s is incredibly light. Deposited in the bank just fine.
cash checks out well, spends and gave a little boy cash to buy some food
	I bought an RC airplane. We crashed a few time into grass – so no
damage done. Get some extra batteries if you buy one, which are
relatively inexpensive, and enjoy. Its just fun. Stack purchase from
Buy Real Money +1 !!ReplyCoralDragonAugust 11, 2017 at 11:25 amLate
 this afternoon my order from Buy Real Money arrived. Upon inspection of
the parcel was 2 sealed silver bags which contained 5,020 British Pound
Sterling. The notes where then checked for counterfeit using a Safescan
2985-SX with all bills passing inspection.ReplyKaleriaAugust 11, 2017 at 5:31 amIs this really true ??ReplyrawfruitAugust 11, 2017 at 9:51 pmyes it is. I got this stack and I realized money isnt my problem. depression is my problem. money solved nothingReplyTitos Clit BiscutAugust 11, 2017 at 3:19 amBest
 Buy has an awesome sale right now on Flat Panels. My order arrived
Tuesday (10k) and I went to BB and bought 4 of the new OLED TVs. Awesome
 picture! I highly recommend it. Plus those dip shit clerks are so
underpaid they dont ask any questions when you pay with cash.ReplyClaraAugust 11, 2017 at 1:14 amNervous but you came threw!ReplyGOT FUCKEDAugust 10, 2017 at 11:58 pmI
 was one of those that got scammed by one of the clones. They had a
facebook page. I should have know better that true criminals would not
be advertising or have a portal through facebook. Lesson learned.However
 Blade was a true gent and added the cash I lost when I ordered the
Professional. There are not many guys out there who would do that for
their customers, even when it was the customers fault for being stupid.
Thanks Blade. I will recommend you to everyone I know.BTW….for those
 of you out there dont believe reviews on reddit or anywhere else. They
are bullshit and it was how I got fucked in the first place.ReplyQ-BERTAugust 10, 2017 at 11:22 pmYeah legit but slow as shit. Took 4 days to get an overnight. Happy I got the cash though.ReplyNigga-PleezAugust 10, 2017 at 9:32 pmLegitReplyL W T CAugust 10, 2017 at 8:58 pmK,
 so right off the bat I will say >WOW<. I was not expecting this
to go as well as it has, kind of seems too good to be true. Upon
delivery I was amazed at how light the package was. Before opening the
package, I actually held it with one hand while I jerked off with the
other. I was fearing it to be empty because of it’s light weight, but
once opened, I was pleasantly surprised. The cash is great, it passed
all tests, deposited in a bank without issues. Previously I’ve had
issues with other TOR vendors, so this was a great relief.	I just bought
 a TV with the cash and I connected it to a very handy Winegard FL-55YR
FlatWave Indoor Antenna,ReplygramsAugust 10, 2017 at 5:58 pmyo this real???ReplyAlphaBay KillaAugust 10, 2017 at 2:52 pmIt
 has been over 3 days and my overnight package arrived. I’ve ordered
overnight packages alot this year and that’s the longest it’s taken. i
always try to go for at least $10000 USDReplyMr BeanAugust 10, 2017 at 1:34 pmMy cash was delivered today the best part was there was an extra $900 inside. I hope you don’t mind but I am not returning it 🙂ReplyhitagiAugust 10, 2017 at 12:52 pmMr.
 Blade good job on our most recent order to Hong Kong. Delivery was
prompt and your stealth packaging works. I will be ordering again soon.ReplyjackassAugust 10, 2017 at 12:18 pmHey
 bro sending this from Bratislava. I think thats how to spell it. I took
 both packages you sent me and I am going around europe.	The strippers
here are hot as fuck dude and the cash helps keep my addiction going.
T&AReplyPersian0August 10, 2017 at 11:31 amOMG it arrived! This is fucking great!ReplyRichbabyAugust 10, 2017 at 11:05 amBlade
 I saw that post too about being able to order multiple packages at one
time. Have you dropped the 2 weeks waiting rule? If so that would be
great. Im not a big fan of waiting every 2 weeks for cash either.ReplyXeroBytesAugust 10, 2017 at 10:10 amI
 have dual citizenship and I have been depositing the preshred money
into my foreign bank account. Then I do an international wire transfer
to my account in the USA. I have done it 4 times now without any issues.
 The manager at the USA branch treats me like a VIP client.ReplyUGLyTRUTHAugust 10, 2017 at 1:08 amI
 paid all my bills this month. It is the first time I have relaxed in
years. I like not worrying about how to cover bills each month.ReplyblackduckAugust 10, 2017 at 12:02 amGuys I got my box after 10 days. No tracking number or nothing. All the cash was inside. The one positive I could say.ReplyBlackduckAugust 10, 2017 at 4:21 pmi placed another order and got tracking right away. Their trying to fix their screw upReplysimplicityAugust 9, 2017 at 10:18 pmI
 think you guys are brillent. You have been trading your stolen cash for
 bitcoin for over a year now. You must have had a good feeling that it
was going up in value. I started doing the same thing. I hope you dont
mind I stole your idea. I am using my pre shred cash to buy bitcoin and
save it for a rainy day. 10 years from now it could be worth a fortune.ReplyBigPapaAugust 9, 2017 at 8:36 pmI
 have ordered the smaller packages in the past but this will be my first
 large order ($25,000) can anyone on the forum tell me their experience
with the larger packages? I was thinking of having them shipped in 4 or 5
 different shipments.Replybcb2001August 9, 2017 at 7:29 pmI think would I get my 3rd package I will tell my boss to kiss my ass!ReplyHollyWizzleAugust 9, 2017 at 6:42 pmBlade
 I was another one of those people who were reluctant to buy. I could
not bring myself to believe it was real. I am glad I did though and
pushed passed the fear. Our order arrived professionally packaged. It
reminded me of when I used to get birthday cards in the mail with money
in it. I remember being so excited. Thank you for bring our the kid in
me again.ReplyRichard SAugust 9, 2017 at 4:39 pmReally
 flimsy packaging. It comes double packed with a scent guard but it’s
not	well done. Several dogs trained to smell stack could detect this.
The cash is worn.	Blade’s replies take 4-6hrs. Completely unprofessional
 website design. Photos look	like they have been taken by a little kid.
Writing is not grammatically correct.	stack is spendable and deposits in
 a bank but everything else is deplorable.ReplyEMILYAugust 9, 2017 at 1:52 pmEMILY LIKES THIS MONEY, EMILY THINKS ITS PRETTY COOL. EMILY LIKES TO BUY STUFF.ReplyAvon LadyAugust 9, 2017 at 5:37 amYes,
 I order from Buy Real Money! I’m a full-time working mom of 2 sweet boys,
2.5 yrs and 6 mos. I purchased the Elite with my first and spent it all
within 1 months. I purchased the Master with my second and have used it
all within 5 weeks now and still going strong. I have a LOT to say about
 this cash, but the bottom line is Buy Real Money is an excellent
upstanding company.. save yourself time, money, and frustration and
purchase a Semi-Pro. Even if you dont ideas on how to spend it, order
it. You’ll figure out ways to spend the money trust me.ReplyJenAugust 9, 2017 at 2:57 amAdvice
 to all men out there. Ya’ll wonder if you dick is big enough. As a
woman, and knowing lots of women I have this to say… Your penis size
does not matter. Women want a man with money. I know that sounds shallow
 but they want to know you can provide for them. Love fades really fast
if you have to eat rice and beans every night. Buy from Buy Real Money and
get yourself a woman.	JenReplyJackie ChanAugust 8, 2017 at 11:52 pmHello
 Blade, I placed an order for the Elite this morning and I have tracking
 but I want to upgrade to the Master!! Can you do a quick upgrade I have
 the bitcoin ready!!ReplyKingAugust 8, 2017 at 11:28 pmI want in, sign me up.ReplyGhAugust 8, 2017 at 10:15 pmfuuuuuck. I found out I got Herpes from my 40yr old landlord lady. Free rent for a month isnt worth herpes trust meReplyJohnSnowwAugust 8, 2017 at 9:51 pmJe vous remercie. Les notes de l’euro sont authentiques. Aucun problème avec le bureau de poste.ReplymayleenAugust 8, 2017 at 9:50 pmProps to you and you team Blade. Your product is amazing and the service is excellent. Fast shipping to Canada.ReplyLa2jdAugust 8, 2017 at 8:44 pmBeen
 over a week since I got my cash and I spent it all already. Now I have
to wait for a week before I can place another order… great.ReplyHS GradAugust 8, 2017 at 7:03 pmpeople realy??????!!!!!!!!!! are you that dumm???????? GET OUTA THE RAT RACE AND BUY THIS SHIT!!!!	DO IT!!!!!!!!!ReplyelectroboyAugust 8, 2017 at 3:51 pmI
 was home sick today. I saw your site and its fantastic. I am buying the
 rookie. Waiting on my tracking information. Hopefully this time
tomorrow I will be $1300 richer!ReplybatmanAugust 8, 2017 at 3:49 pmCan I order 2 of the Master Packages at once? Send one on one day and send the next one the next day?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostAugust 9, 2017 at 9:14 amYes you can order $100k at a time.	BladeReplyKriss+August 8, 2017 at 3:49 pmI read all the reviews and I’m convinced its legit. ordered a semi pro to start things off.ReplyCarsonAugust 8, 2017 at 11:54 amDear Blade: can you ship it to China? How long will it take?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostAugust 8, 2017 at 2:23 pmYes
 we do. We have a partner in Hong Kong who can ship USD/Euro from that
location. China is a big place, shipping times just depend on where you
liveReplyMiles TaylorAugust 8, 2017 at 8:02 amWe
 have been using Buy Real Money since December 2016. Prior to that time, my
 husband had been working two jobs for several weeks. He is currently
uneducated and struggles getting a decent job. We immediately purcahsed
the Rookie and Copper as well as the overnight shipping. We wanted both
currencies to do a fair comparison. Others might enjoy the GBP because
they live in England and it’s convenient, but we aren’t interested. It’s
 worth noting that our local bank accepted the USD and Euro. We had to
fill out some currency exchange paperwork at our bank but it wasnt that
hard. My idiot husband was able to figure it out so any of you can also
i’m sure.	We use the cash to pay our mortgage a lot, and my husband has
added things to the shopping list when he remembers, he can never
remember what he wants when I go. Should I mention he adds things like
grey goose vodka when I’m not looking? And that’s OK because we have the
 money to buy it.	We transport ourselfs in a new Ford Mustang since it
is easier to pay the car note each month.	I was a bit worried at first
about Blade’s possible ties with criminal groups, but my feelings
eventually fipped the opposite way! I love making the government suffer.
 They have made us suffer for so long after all.	My granddaughter was
happy to see her bills paid. My daughter is a breeze to impress with new
 toys. I purchased the best meditation apps and iTunes music.	I won’t
say it revolutionized our lives, but it has made our lives much more
normal.ReplyValentinaAugust 8, 2017 at 7:47 amIs
 this like…legit? But I don’t even care anymore at this point of time,
will try it anyways, will let you guys know if it works	Wenn hier jemand
 aus Deutschland anwesend ist, der mir bestätigen könnte, dass es bei
ihm oder ihr funktioniert hat, das wäre super!!Replyxxxx1August 8, 2017 at 6:41 amI gave my money to the Church. It feels good to hand $1000 in the collection plate.ReplyCavinAugust 8, 2017 at 5:15 amMy
 fellow Londoners this works. I bought the Manchester for just over 5
grand. 4 days passed and I had 50,000 quid in cash. Real bills. I found a
 really nice flat in Paddington for £4,000 pcm and paid cash for 12
months upfront for a nice discount.ReplyallesiaAugust 8, 2017 at 2:52 amI have read all the comments and stuff i can not wait to get my first orderReplypolite_guyAugust 7, 2017 at 11:33 pmI remember my first time… Buying cash here… What you thought I was talking about something else?ReplyfrostgirlAugust 7, 2017 at 8:42 pmIDK
 about everyone else. I love to buy shoes. I could not afford to buy
shoes at Walmart before finding this site. Now I have 6 pairs of some
really nice Jimmy ChoosReplyBlue_ShellAugust 7, 2017 at 7:20 pmCan you get addicted to spending money? I think I might be.ReplyDiesIraeAugust 7, 2017 at 6:14 pmI
 agree , nothing we can do about moments in life when there isnt enough
money. I too was scared to buy something >large<. Then I realized
>large< is a state of mind. For me $5,000 seems like a REALLY
LARGE amount of money. Then I realized if I was a millionaire $5,000
would be nothing. So I bought the $25,000 package. Yes it was a
sacrifice but in the end I am glad I did. Its time to start thinking
like a millionaire.Replynew fireAugust 7, 2017 at 4:26 pmHaving
 a shortage of cash is inevitable in our life and there is nothing we
can do about it. And I know, there are rich fuckers all over who can
wave money around and get the hottest pussy in town. But that’s not our
case. I am broke flat broke, girl friend is a 7/10 and she gets slightly
 less good looking when she takes her clothes off and I see the saggy
boobs. But I still like her. My girlfriend hates grocery shopping, she
can never buy enough food, not enough money.	Earlier i gave my
girlfriend flowers, but it’s so easy for a woman to see how cheap they
are, drop the thing down, and resent you. The price of a good woman is
money.	At first, I considered buying a $5,000 package, but there are so
many benefits to having more cash on hand than $5k. In my opinion it’s
definitely worth to pay for the $10k pack or greater.	The shipping time
is great, sometimes i’m unhappy with overnight shipping taking 2 days
showhow. but beggers cant be choosers.	During the first day I felt
amazing. The second day it felt less and more normal.ReplyxvcAugust 7, 2017 at 12:59 pmtest vcReplylynn551August 7, 2017 at 10:39 amI
 have been reading these posts for a few days now. I want to order but I
 dont want to get fucked either. My previous post wasn’t postedReplycitizen000August 7, 2017 at 10:11 amscored some nice kicks!ReplydopewebAugust 7, 2017 at 9:22 amI think you shorted me. Like $160. What gives?ReplySpookshiAugust 7, 2017 at 8:58 amThere is nothing quite like a morning delivery full of cash. TYReplyTinaAugust 6, 2017 at 7:46 amThank you Buy Real Money you have really helped my family.ReplyJOEAugust 6, 2017 at 1:13 amFriends,
 a quick update concerning our friends at Christians in Action. They are
 actively working with Foreign entities to bring down some of the
biggest and best sites on the dark web. We have seen this with Alpha Bay
 and of course Silk Road back in the day. It is known that Cousins in
Christians in Action are sending thousands of fake reviews and fake
profiles, including Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat. Not to mention
the fake directories, portals, and other items of psych ops. I noticed a
 few posts here discussing The Hidden Wiki (THW) and reviews on other
sites. If you have not read my prior posts do so. Especially if you are
new to the darknet and tor. Cousins are notorious for establishing fake
credentials in order to steer illegal business in the direction they
want. For example, if you see reviews or links to >The Hidden
Wiki< on sites like youtube, facebook, etc relating to illegal
products on the darknet then be cautious. Think for just a minute if
someone posted on youtube about the darknet it violates youtubes terms
of service… ie they take it down. But if it is left up on the site you
have to ask yourself why? Common practice in the Christians in Action
organization is to misdirect and collect information. That is it. Then
with the information they posses they pass it along to the relevent
agency who then makes arrests or whatever is next in their plan. If you
see negative reviews on clearnet sites for illegal products, especially
if they are on sites owned by Google, Facebook..etc, they are most
likely there to either scare customers from a specific site or drive
them to it. You will see several >Hidden Wiki< links that all
claim to be the official and original. But those who know the darknet
know their is only one that has been around and continues to be around.
The others drive you to sites that are suspect or with negative reviews
attempting to stop people from using certain sites. If you blindly
accept what you read on the clearnet or from what you find on a Google
search then you are setting yourself up for trouble.	Be smart.ReplySpokAugust 6, 2017 at 1:09 amFUCK !!! I lost a hudge hand playing poker this eve. 10 grand down the toliet. Blade I need another shipment man.ReplyMakoAugust 6, 2017 at 12:45 amMr. Blade how long to send 25 thousand us dollars to japan?ReplylongdirkAugust 5, 2017 at 11:04 pmI’m looking at this cash and i’ve noticed some of the $20s are folded the same way. A bit curious but no problemReplylegit deal hereAugust 5, 2017 at 11:01 pmfucking
 awesome website. I got my package of cash today i’m gonna put a $100 on
 the church donation try to everyone can see how much money I haveReplysectocAugust 5, 2017 at 5:12 pmBeen over a day since receiving the cash. it’s so much fun spending it. Excited!Replychicoh1990August 5, 2017 at 3:27 pmBlade
 I hear the counterfeit sites are trying to take you down. You are
fucking up their business bro! Sweet!	Why buy counterfeit when you can
buy the real thing here?Replycactus_jackAugust 5, 2017 at 1:15 pmI just move my preshred cash through online poker sites. Washes it nicely 🙂ReplyBaL|aNAugust 5, 2017 at 10:02 amThe neighbor kid told me about your site. The little fucker runs around with wads of cash.	My Turn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ReplycookyAugust 5, 2017 at 3:03 am#1 onion site on the dark netReplyshittysleepAugust 5, 2017 at 2:46 amI cant sleep so I bought some more moneyReplyJohnny CageAugust 5, 2017 at 12:26 amJump
 in Victor the water is nice!! Start with something small. Once you get
your first order you wont forget it. Its like losing your virginity from
 poverty.ReplyVictor009932XAugust 4, 2017 at 11:08 pmI have been reading these posts for a few days now. I want to order but I dont want to get fucked eitherReplyJohnny CageAugust 4, 2017 at 10:15 pmYou
 might be right reapple. Bitcoin charts look good. I am going to wait to
 put my order in until after it moves past 3k per coin. With the amount
of coin I am sitting on I can get a nice 50k package for what I would
have paid for a 25k just a few days earlier.ReplyredappleAugust 4, 2017 at 9:40 pmFuck off! I was being serious. Dont listen a sit around with your hands down your pants.ReplyfuzzymanAugust 4, 2017 at 9:34 pmYes and I predict the sun will come up tomorrow.	Maybe I should charge for my predictions????	FuzReplyredappleAugust 4, 2017 at 9:21 pmI think bitcoin is going to make some big moves overs the weekend. Stay tuned…..ReplyTorBookAugust 4, 2017 at 8:58 pmLike many other posters here I just placed my last credit card payment thanks to Buy Real MoneyReplyMissScarMackAugust 4, 2017 at 6:01 pmMy package arrived today as well. It looks like lots of happy people today!ReplyjackfghAugust 4, 2017 at 4:43 pmTest commenrReplyBlankWhiteAugust 4, 2017 at 11:57 amCool,
 I got the $5,000 USD today and 200 Euro with it. I guess your trying to
 advertise your EURO Quality? It is perfect quality, it is real.ReplybubiAugust 4, 2017 at 9:27 amI
 requested the £25.000 for shipping to EU. The delivery occurred 3 days
after the payment was processed. Genuine currency however it was not all
 20’s as advertised.ReplyDeepDarkinsideAugust 4, 2017 at 6:14 am3
 letter agencies are natorious for creating fake sites to screw with
people. The site you posted ozplayz is in fact the original hidden wiki.
 Stay away with any .org or .com sites that claim anything with hidden
wiki. The last thing I would want is my info ending up on some
government server.ReplynastyhackettAugust 4, 2017 at 2:42 amDude you are fucking discustingReplybuddyhackett33August 4, 2017 at 2:15 amI jerked off all over my cash. Nothing like a pile of cash to get you goingReplyberios75August 4, 2017 at 1:48 amDo you guys take bitcoin cash?ReplyrottencopAugust 3, 2017 at 11:58 pmGreat site! You guys help add a nice bonus to my salary every 2 weeks. I look forward more to your delivery than my own paycheckReplyozplayzAugust 3, 2017 at 10:56 pmIt
 is so fucking hard to get reliable info on the darkweb. There so many
hidden wiki out there now. I remember when there was just one. Gone are
those days.	If anyone is interested here is the link to the original and
 only real one. http://zqktlwi4fecvo6ri.onionReplyabcdefgh123August 3, 2017 at 9:07 pmIs it possiable to get an order with all 100 bills. I have always wanted to wipe my ass with a hundred dollar billReplydrivecoinAugust 3, 2017 at 7:42 pmI am buying a ton of bitcoin with my order.	I am going to wait until it drops and buy the dip!ReplyMoimeyoAugust 3, 2017 at 4:22 pm$50,000
 is more money than I have ever seen in my life. My heart is racing so
fast I can feel it in my throat. FEDX came to the house with two boxes
no sig was required. I opend the first and inside was 3 board games
inside those boxes were silver bags that were sealed shut. Inside those
bags was tons of money. The other box had just as much cash inside other
 items. Its was well hidden. Thank you so much.ReplyIamLAugust 3, 2017 at 12:40 pmI
 just now paid for my overnight order.. Blade can you do like last time
and put instructions to leave it on the back porch? I would want want my
 stolen money to get stolen lolReplycoolioAugust 3, 2017 at 10:19 amWhat can I say? Came through again!ReplyNeedHelpAugust 3, 2017 at 4:01 amI
 need money bad but I cant pay right now. Can you send me the money and
then I will pay you. I promise. I know you get this a lot but I am
serious.	Please!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ReplyGodrick33August 3, 2017 at 1:53 amJust shot up the last of my shit. Fedex says money will arrive tomorrow. It cant get here any quicker?ReplyXnxx240sxAugust 2, 2017 at 11:19 pmslkdfj djsdlkfjw e wjadlfkalksdjf sdhflsdfaReplycoming-to-collectAugust 2, 2017 at 10:37 pmBlade
 I hope you dont mind I sent some of my dirt bag clients who are not
able to make their payments. Fucking degenerate gamblers… I need to
clear these accounts or its my ass. Hopefully you can fill their orders
fast.Excellent work by the way.ReplyspartyAugust 2, 2017 at 8:49 pmHey NFnC I am DTF!!!! Email me scotty220@gmail.comReplyking_lilhomieAugust 2, 2017 at 6:06 pmSweet Jesus I cant believe this actually worked! I should have ordered more.ReplyJakeSAugust 2, 2017 at 3:01 pmExcellent
 service. I was skeptical at first but the proof is sitting right in
front of me. i could have sworn the UPS guy knew what was inside he just
 smirked at me when he handed me the box.ReplyaraxAugust 2, 2017 at 1:02 pmBlade my Gf and I just got back from a really great cruise. Of course paid for with my quality pre shred Thanks man.ReplyJavScr1P7August 2, 2017 at 10:42 amI am using my funds to buy a new computer. I want to start hacking and I want the best system. Any recommendations?Reply$KINNY BRAGGAugust 2, 2017 at 7:55 amGuys sorry for the late feedback. Cash arrived on time. Quality stealth.ReplyNetflix_n_chillAugust 2, 2017 at 3:23 amLookin for a hookup. Anyone down?ReplyCheMachinaAugust 2, 2017 at 2:11 amFuck me! This is nice!ReplyGabrielAugust 1, 2017 at 11:47 pmSinners………ReplyidahoAugust 1, 2017 at 8:35 pmWhat is the white stuff on the the money? Several of the 100 dollar bills have white powder on them.ReplyMoondragonxAugust 1, 2017 at 6:52 pmThank guys. It is all here. Now what do I spend it on first?ReplybabybAugust 1, 2017 at 1:49 amHey Blade my tracking says I should get my package tomorrow. What time man? I need it now!ReplyBBJuly 31, 2017 at 10:29 pmI ordered last week and its is here.	I was very interested but I wasnt sure this was real?	But now I am glad I did it.	Thank youReplyTaurusJuly 31, 2017 at 8:28 pmBlade
 you fuck nut… Be happy we help you move your stolen cash. My last order
 was 6 days overdue and I ordered $25,000. I just sent payment for my
next order of $50,000 and I would appreciate it if I can get it
overnight.ReplypuffdaddyJuly 31, 2017 at 4:10 pmMy shit arrived this morning bro…. Excellent packagingReplyMrRoseJuly 31, 2017 at 3:01 pmBlade..
 Keep up the good work man! I cant believe people bitch and moan when
they are getting extremely cheap money. I have been a customer since
November last year. I just wanted to say thank you and I appreciate you
and your team.ReplybraddomansJuly 31, 2017 at 2:10 pmWhen I get my cash I am going to use it to play online poker. They dont care where the money came from.ReplyLaxitiveGreenJuly 31, 2017 at 1:46 pmI love this place!! I got my box today. Full of cash. Just the way I like it.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJuly 31, 2017 at 12:26 pmAll
 –	Recently some packages have been delayed 1-2 days for various
reasons. We have been reading your complaining emails whining about how
your cash took a little longer to receive and how you want discounts on
future orders. So we got together as a team and decided our official
response to your complaining is >Go Fuck Yourself< thank you and
have a wonderful day,	BladeBuy Real MoneyReplyRobin BirdAugust 1, 2017 at 12:32 pmFirst
 I was afraid, I was petrified	Kept thinking I could never live without
cash by my side	And I spent so many nights thinking how I was so poor
And I grew strong and I learned how to get along	……	Robin BirdReplyDingle BerryAugust 1, 2017 at 1:34 pmCan I place an order for $10,000 in pennies?Replyshawn of the deadJuly 31, 2017 at 7:38 amHow about you send me the cash, then I will send you the bitcoin once I get the cash?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJuly 31, 2017 at 12:19 pmWe
 tried that once. The problem is people would make multiple profiles and
 keep asking for Cash promising to send BTC once it’s received. Then
they would get the cash, not send us any BTC and make a new profile and
ask for the same thing. Over and over. Fuck thatBladeReplytittyloverJuly 30, 2017 at 11:47 pmI missed something I thought I was buying counterfeit, but this is real USD. Very pleased and surprised.ReplyXbox liveJuly 30, 2017 at 8:25 pmSent
 my bitcoin on the 28th and ordered overnight shipping. Fedex shows it
arrives tomorrow. Getting nervous this is my first order and I got the
big daddy $50k pack.Replyobie1July 30, 2017 at 12:06 pmFast delivery Friday! The billets are authentic and banks give no problemsReplyDodo2July 30, 2017 at 10:01 amAnyone know how I can deposit my cash into a anonymous debit card?ReplyVerkdutaJuly 30, 2017 at 9:59 amI
 bought 3,000 lottery tickets with some of my money. I will take a while
 to scratch them all. I will let yall know how I do when i finishReplyilikeboobs20July 30, 2017 at 3:33 amded i mentioned how much i luv tittys!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! xoxoxoxoxoReplyfuckCHgovJuly 30, 2017 at 2:19 amI want a piece of this! Check your email I am ready for tracking information.ReplyBob7863290847July 29, 2017 at 10:32 pmTestingReplyanon666xJuly 29, 2017 at 10:06 pmMajor
 3some action this eve. Called the service and I told them money was not
 an issue. Send me 2. WOW!!! thx Blade	Now i need to buy more cash lolReplyshalomonlyJuly 29, 2017 at 6:12 pmwas impressed. very good serviceReplyPintsolarJuly 29, 2017 at 1:01 pmDid anyone from Germany get his Money? Does anyone from Germany have some experience with these guys?Replybau5benJuly 30, 2017 at 12:58 amIch
 wohne in Düsseldorf. Meine erste bestellung war kupfer. Euro ist echt
nicht gefälscht wie angekündigt. Diese seite ist fett!	Machs Gut	BauReplygamblingmanJuly 29, 2017 at 11:23 amBlade
 I finished a marathon run at the tables last night. It was incredible
the best night ever. I took my 25k bankroll and walked out with 122k.
Your cash was the best $2250 I ever spent.ReplydanknspoopyJuly 29, 2017 at 9:06 amWhen I get my cash I am going to buy a new sound system for my car.	I want to feel my music.ReplyErisJuly 29, 2017 at 2:02 amTook my GF out and showed her the high life. She was impressed. i got some major pussy.ReplyWindows is ShitJuly 28, 2017 at 11:47 pmAB
 is down and Hansa was run by the police in the netherlands. Looks like
the they are doing there best to hunt the markets down. I think JOE was
right all the places with GOOD reviews has been taken down or we find
out later were run or controlled by law enforcement. I cant get good
advice anywhere anymore. The fucking governemnt once again trying to
conrol us even in the darkweb. Ordered the rookie from here overnight.
It arrived… All 100’s All post 96 series. Passed all the counterfeit
tests and passed detection on my counter. Impressed.ReplyJakeSJuly 28, 2017 at 10:18 pmHow long does it usually take to arrive when purchasing the overnight shipping?ReplyJohnny CageJuly 28, 2017 at 7:39 pmGold
 is now at good prices. As a regular people here know I am not shy about
 giving my opinion. Take your pre shred and purchase gold. Its cheap
right now and when the currencies start tanking its value will go nuts.ReplypaingnzJuly 28, 2017 at 5:03 pmMy box arrived just in time for the weekend. Thank you. It is the one piece of mail I am excited to get every two weeksReplyAiDeNJuly 28, 2017 at 1:28 pmI’m
 gonna buy Jordan 1 Retro Royal shoes with my cash. Once I put them on
my feet I think the bitches will be all over my body. Bitches love a man
 with rockin shoes that what they look 4 in a man.ReplyTOCOIJuly 28, 2017 at 12:17 pmBlade,	could you please update shipping times.	Has anyone else not revived their tracking number.ReplycockyhamsterJuly 28, 2017 at 12:03 pmI can see why you guys are able to ship this stuff without getting caught. It is well hidden. Genius!Reply$KINNY BRAGGJuly 28, 2017 at 11:29 amOrder.Paid.2 Hrs later tracking info received.Monday afternoon expected arrivalReplytiger510July 28, 2017 at 9:28 amgot email with tracking information. I am not sure what to do with it.ReplyJKJuly 28, 2017 at 9:05 amFirst Class tickets reserved for our trip to America! Cheers!ReplyJohnny CageJuly 28, 2017 at 8:55 amI
 dont thing BTC is going anywhere. It is a bunch of hype for nothing.
Though it is smart to get cash to keep in your house or some place safe
other than a bank. Gov all over the world are corrupt and they play with
 your life savings like its a game.ReplyUserAtH888July 28, 2017 at 5:29 amI
 am a very happy customer here in Mumbai. I would like to inform your
other customers that the exchange of your dollars to rupee is very easy.
 I have already told my friends about your service.ReplyRedFalcon1July 28, 2017 at 4:02 amTough
 to find sites like this one that deliver as promised. I see why so many
 of your competitors and the gov want you shut down. I read all kinds of
 negative shit. It is hard to argue with cash in my hands now.
Unfortunately, people are missing out because the fear they give people.ReplyprimemaridianJuly 28, 2017 at 12:55 pmIt’s been almost a month and i have received 2 packages. Pro tip – it’s easy to spend money, go slow!ReplyHITMEUPJuly 28, 2017 at 1:17 amI still cant believe I am financially set for life. Its like I won the lottery. I cant process this fact.ReplyDeepdownunder2July 28, 2017 at 1:05 amI saw you had other mates Down under who used the service. Add me to the list of happy customersReplyMaxdog76July 28, 2017 at 12:36 amI have a contact at one of the depots you get your cash from and I know from who. Send me fucking 100 BTC or the game is over!!ReplyZortelJuly 27, 2017 at 11:29 pmI’ll
 try out your service. If everything goes smoothly I’d like to know my
heart goes out to you guys, you’re helping anyone between degenerates,
whims, those that need it and those that just want it. It’s a damn good
thing in my book. I wish you guys the best.ReplyYorasterJuly 27, 2017 at 11:07 pmTestReplyYurienJuly 27, 2017 at 7:25 pmJust
 to be safe I am using the last of my bitcoin for the 25.000 Euro
package. I am not sure if bitcoin is going to have value after the 1
augest.ReplyhjelpJuly 27, 2017 at 6:46 pmmy comments are not posting?ReplytestttJuly 27, 2017 at 3:16 pmttestReplyExMenJuly 27, 2017 at 3:09 pmHow
 do I get on your regular ordering schedule? I know someone that gets a
shipment from you every 2 weeks. He says its automatic. How does it
work?Replykht9328July 27, 2017 at 2:25 pmPackage
 arrived. I opened it up and it was the Old Board Game Shoots &
Ladders. Pretty cool. Cash was inside a airtight bag! Sneeky.Replyking0171July 27, 2017 at 12:20 pmI
 took the cash to a store and about 3 $500 visa gift cards. I wanted to
test the cash and make sure I would not have issues before I go to the
bank and deposit the rest.Replysweet daddyJuly 27, 2017 at 11:06 amSweet Daddy got his cash today! Sweet!!ReplyMarcus 08July 27, 2017 at 10:39 amTEST COMMENTReplytestestJuly 27, 2017 at 9:46 amHow reliable are these guys?Replyd trumpJuly 27, 2017 at 9:29 amtrump testing out these commentsReplyXihJuly 27, 2017 at 3:51 amEuro good condition. Shipment to HK. 8 days for arriving.ReplynetsecnowJuly 27, 2017 at 12:48 amI bought new equipment with the cash. Now I am going to do some series damage.ReplyBlack-hatJuly 26, 2017 at 11:03 pmI am so fucking glad I found you guys!! Thank you.ReplyJakeSJuly 26, 2017 at 7:07 pmJust put in my first order; $50k. Can’t wait for it to come.ReplyHitlerJuly 26, 2017 at 2:23 pmIf fucking quit my job!!! This is much easier!!!!!ReplyHotrodJuly 26, 2017 at 11:52 amI think your site is brokenReplyHotrodJuly 26, 2017 at 11:47 amWhy is my comment not posting….ReplyHotrodJuly 26, 2017 at 11:45 amTest test testReplyBIGGYJuly 26, 2017 at 10:48 amQuality! Thats all I can sayReplyMarkAJuly 26, 2017 at 9:28 amSo
 many sites on the darknet are fake! I am sooooooo happy I found
Cashlords. Excellent service and prompt delivery. That is hard to find
these days! Keep up the good work.ReplyTheJetixMastaJuly 26, 2017 at 1:57 amI
 read reviews of this place too. I do not believe any reviews when it
comes to tor. I finished my first order. I am not sure I approve of the
service here. I ordered the semi pro and it arrived after 11 days! Next
problem, there was only $4820 out of the $5000 there was supposed to be.
 My advice fix your shipping process. If you are getting too big scale
it down.ReplykyjJuly 26, 2017 at 12:35 amOne of the few sites that actually deliver to Mexico and past customs!ReplygoteJuly 25, 2017 at 11:58 pmI dont know what peps are saying neg shit. I paid all the bills cuz of this place.ReplyfoxillaJuly 25, 2017 at 11:12 pmBlade,
 I am hearing that you might stop public orders and only sell to your
established clients. Is this so? If so when because I dont want to miss
out!Replyalex09July 25, 2017 at 8:41 pmI
 saw where the reviews JOE was talking about. I still tested the waters
with a small package. Im glad I did. It arrived 4 days after I ordered.
Its real cash too, not the fake shit other sites are pushing.ReplyBerserkStrigoiJuly 25, 2017 at 5:19 pmExcellent quality stuff. Thx will be back!Reply3rd Times a CharmJuly 25, 2017 at 11:25 amA+++++ vendor. 3 orders – 3 on time deliveriesReplyNeed a breakJuly 25, 2017 at 5:20 pmOrdered the rookie today. I really hope I get these ends. So I can cop biggerReplyTanyaJuly 26, 2017 at 7:36 pmI
 ordered a days ago. tracking shows it’s been sent, no updates since. I
credit that to a shitty postal service though.	Grateful	July 25, 2017 at
 10:32 am	THANK YOU !!!!!ReplycryptoJuly 25, 2017 at 10:10 amthis money is genuine ?ReplyWauterJuly 25, 2017 at 5:32 amGoede transactie. Euro zijn nieuwe serie.ReplyBTCJuly 25, 2017 at 2:43 amNow
 that AB is down I have money that I need to spend. I was getting some
quality green from them. Now I need a reliable source for my green! In
the meatime I will buy more cash. I will have more money to spend on
drugs then.ReplyRED WHITE & BLUEJuly 24, 2017 at 11:16 pmStealing
 money from the US taxpayers is not accetable. Shipping money to people
who you dont know makes no sense. Blade stop stealing money from the
USA! That preshred belongs to the US taxpayer!ReplyalsdkfjJuly 24, 2017 at 9:30 pmOk I will follow through on my end. Sent the order.ReplyRamiJuly 24, 2017 at 6:55 pmI
 officially love Mondays. Product was dropped off today as expected.
Arrived using UPS. Cash was in airlocked silver bag inside a board game.ReplyM311July 24, 2017 at 4:03 pmI guess today is the day for deliveries. Got mine too. Cash looks good I cant believe the gov was going to destroy it.ReplyKokomo KidJuly 24, 2017 at 3:22 pmVERY COOL! Delivered as promised. Thank you.ReplyEdDyGJuly 24, 2017 at 1:22 pmGood service to Mexico. Dollars showed up with no complaints from customs. Money is hidden.ReplyProxyHunter97July 24, 2017 at 12:15 pmExcellent man!! Got the product! Really nice!ReplyAnonJuly 24, 2017 at 11:31 amAre you guys for real?ReplyTylerJuly 24, 2017 at 10:06 amMy
 wife just called me and said that a Fedex delivery was just dropped
off. Today is the big day. I am looking forward to getting home and
seeing it. More importantly to spend it!ReplyalsdkfjJuly 24, 2017 at 9:19 amI will buy if my comment is posted.ReplyPPPPPPJuly 24, 2017 at 7:44 amTest Test TestReplySergJuly 24, 2017 at 4:11 amDo you ship to Russia? Are the US Dollars large bills or small?ReplyMary JaneJuly 23, 2017 at 11:51 pmThis
 is going to change our lives for the better!! Screw the goverment, I
pay enough in taxes and all they do is waste it. Mine turn to get a
piece.ReplyCyber-CrimeJuly 23, 2017 at 9:20 pmCan you do more than 50k? This is the type out business I need to be working with.ReplyCreneJuly 23, 2017 at 1:34 amsent u an email,	enjoyReplyKeeganJuly 22, 2017 at 1:30 pmA
 warning to those of you who bank with chase. I went to deposit the cash
 I received from my order. BTW I ordered the Elite 25k…. I took $12,400
to the bank to deposit and pay off my Chase Visa. The clerk took the
money and tested it… then put it in the a counting machine…. Another
clerk comes over and says I cant deposit the money at the counter
because they do not take more than 10k in cash for credit card payments.
 Its some new policy.	Am I fucked or is this a real policy where they
dont take cash? I dont have a chase checking or savings only the visa.ReplyJoe unknownJuly 22, 2017 at 8:22 pmSo is this 100 percent Legit??ReplyWise ManJuly 23, 2017 at 10:06 amI
 sat on the sidelines and watched the reviews for 2 months before I made
 my order. I started small with the copper package. 3 days it arrived.
Crisp clean euro. I am happy I did it!!	Nothing changes unless you take a
 step forward.	Cecel	July 23, 2017 at 11:32 am	IDK. I have not bought
yet. I know a couple guys who have and they swear by it. Not sure yet.
IDK if I am comfortable with having stolen money.	theofficialcow	July
22, 2017 at 11:58 pm	How long did it take you to receive your fundsReplyChaseJuly 23, 2017 at 1:47 pmIts
 written in their policy. Check out their website. I would never walk
into a bank and hand over that amount of money. Remember the Feds track
all deposits over 10k in the USA. You are making yourself a target. Do
small deposits over a couple of weeks. I know you want to pay off your
credit card but be smart about it.Replyalicerose90July 22, 2017 at 9:34 amFirst,
 thank you for the cash. It will help us a great deal. I do have 1 favor
 to ask…. Do not ship money inside sex toys. I opened my mail with my 3
yo at the kitchen table. I didnt think it was nice for her to see a 11
inch black dildo. I definitely didnt want her seeing me having to pull
5000 in cash out the bottom of it.	Thats all. Otherwise the process was
smooth.ReplyJOEJuly 22, 2017 at 4:29 amAs
 you requested I am posting my findings about our friends with
Christians in Action. Looks like AB was compromised using Psych Ops Part
 of the psych ops used was with the reviews. It looks like they put up
thousands of positive reviews and even some of the vendors were CIA
cousins. The mission was to increase sales in the last 30-60 days of AB
operation to collect as much intel including vendor and customer
information. They were also able to track bitcoin transfers from
compromised vendors.	Again it goes to show dont trust >reviews<
either good or bad. The cousins are good at either driving people to a
site or pushing them away depending on whether or not they want you
doing business there.ReplylegionJuly 23, 2017 at 8:45 amWhat is the longest wait time for a package?ReplyLuffyJuly 23, 2017 at 1:17 pm2
 weeks longest waiting time	Kokomo Kid	July 23, 2017 at 2:49 pm	I keep
checking my tracking info online. It is supposed to arrive tomorrow.
Between now and then it seems like forever lol	IM GOING CRAZY WAITING
Anonymous	July 25, 2017 at 1:39 pm	I was wondering the same thing,
>How long is the longest wait time?< But it just seems like
forever I am still waiting and I am on day 3 (feels like forever).
Carlos Danger	July 22, 2017 at 12:26 am	Guys seem legit… I sent my coin.ReplysmartwaterJuly 21, 2017 at 11:01 pmBlade
	Thanks for working with me on the certificates. Its a great idea. I
dont know if that is something you make public or not. So I wont go into
 detail. But the service is outstanding. Now I have a nearly unlimited
source to sell my cash to and keep my wealth outside the eyes of the tax
 man.ReplyPolandJuly 21, 2017 at 9:42 pmDo you ship here? Friend in Germany uses your service. I need Euro he said you send real Euro.ReplyAAronJuly 21, 2017 at 6:05 pmIts
 about time. My money finally arrived. I was getting a bit worried since
 others were getting theres and I didnt hear anything. Its a amazing
what a little bit of cash, or in my case a lot of cash, can do to change
 your opinion of someone. Really neat.ReplyDarkW00lFlJuly 21, 2017 at 3:29 pmOrder
 Arrived!!! Came in with FedEx today. Very professionally packaged. The
money was in air tight mylar bags inside a old VCR. The guts of the VCR
was removed so that the cash would fit. I would have never know the cash
 was inside. I have a electric money counter that has some counterfeit
detection built in. Every bill passed. Banks use the same equipment.	I
am sold !!! TYReplyGorbatshowJuly 20, 2017 at 9:00 amJustin,
 no worries. I had the same thing happen to me. My order was for 10.000
and I received 9.930. I sent an email on on my next order Blade threw in
 an extra grand.ReplyMiriku SanJuly 20, 2017 at 2:11 amGuys
 I am doing my second order with you. I no issues then, but it seems
like you are getting backed up on orders. Hopefully I will get the
second order on time.ReplyYoshiJuly 19, 2017 at 11:36 pm1st OrderReplyD3rD3utsch3July 19, 2017 at 10:45 pmJust placed first order. Ordered the overnight shipping, I’ll keep everyone posted on when I receive it.ReplyBoldEagle23July 19, 2017 at 4:06 pmI
 would not give this place 5 stars. I ordered the Semi Professional
$5,000. I ordered overnight. It took 5 days for me to get it. Plus the
box had $4,940. They shorted me $60. The one positive is that the cash
is what they advertise it to be.ReplyCeaserJuly 19, 2017 at 3:39 pmI
 read the reviews for other sites that said this was fake. I still felt I
 needed to try it. Im glad I did! 5,000 cash in 20s 50s and 100s. All
bills passed pen test. They are real!Replypatience is keyJuly 19, 2017 at 1:46 pmExactly
 how do you guys verify payment and. Also is there a specific order the
product is shipped in or is it first come first serve?ReplyTanakaJuly 19, 2017 at 9:37 amExcellent product! Shipment to Japan with no customs issues.ReplyMoneyJuly 18, 2017 at 11:04 amHow do I know if I caught the herpes? Can I email someone photo’s? moneyman@protonmail.comReply2smart4crimeJuly 17, 2017 at 8:35 pmBlade can suck my dick – it’s fucking 6 inches laaaaonng my nuga!ReplyJizzbaitJuly 17, 2017 at 4:34 pmi
 see a lot of positive reviews on here but i’ve also noticed the
counterfeit vendors talk alot of shit about how bad Buy Real Money is. They
 say your buying stolen money, counterfeit isnt stolen from nobody….Reply2ndYRseniorJuly 17, 2017 at 2:07 pmDear
 NewMoney,I am been very very patient.You shipped me $2,460 on my
first order. That’s $40 less then what I was owned. Then you told me you
 would >Make it right< on my second order but you sent $5050, an
extra $50 bill. I have no use for a $50 bill I wanted two fucking
$20’s.Yours faithful Client,2nd year senior in high schoolReplyLaurenceJuly 17, 2017 at 7:48 amI
 am tempted to order however I have a friend who ordered here last week
and he said the cash smelled funny.I’m pretty sure of it’s authenticity,
 i’m worried about it’s light >oil< smell.I want to be 100% before
 ordering? Anyone run into cash that smells?Thank youReplyNickerJuly 18, 2017 at 10:56 pmIts happened to me as well on a couple of shipments. Not sure what it is. All I know is I can still spend it.Replybau5benJuly 17, 2017 at 7:28 amEuro package has been delivered. Professional wrapping and secure. Delivery to Germany.I will do buy from your site again soon.ReplyguardJuly 17, 2017 at 4:46 pmMy package may be the first of the year that’s been delivered in a >Cake< box. Never heard of that one before.ReplyDarkW00lFlJuly 17, 2017 at 4:14 amBuying the 25 grand. That will pay off all my bills and loans.ReplyDarkW00lFlJuly 19, 2017 at 8:59 amTracking in hand….I should get it Friday…Replyl2kd-2July 17, 2017 at 3:41 amThis shit changes lives !!!ReplyStarseekerJuly 17, 2017 at 1:26 amA
 mutual friend sent me here. I want to order and I need overnight. But I
 see from comments that orders are going out slowly. He says you are
good for it! Lets see.ReplyCowboy420July 16, 2017 at 10:47 pmI
 just found out about you guys. I always bought counterfeit through a
contact a AB. Now that they are gone I thought I was done. Now I find
out that through you guys I can get the REAL THING!!!Do you do order
larger than $50,000? I move some high volume of currency.ReplyQbertJuly 16, 2017 at 3:03 pmThis
 situation with Alphabay sucks!! Government Sucks!! I dont mind taking
some of their stolen pre shred cash. They cant stop us all. I will find
another place to sell my shit!ReplyMedical PeteJuly 16, 2017 at 10:36 amIs there anyway I can order again? I cant wait 2 weeks to put in another order. I spent the cash.ReplyJohnny CageJuly 16, 2017 at 8:18 pmDont
 waste your breathe or typing energy. He wont budge. I have tried
several time to get him to change the rules. I a bi-weekly customer and
he still wont change.We have to wait 2 weeks between orders. It fucking
sucks!ReplyIm IN !!!!July 16, 2017 at 3:03 amA friend of mine got his package on Thursday. I was impressed. I just paid for my rookie. Next week I hope to be $1300 richer!!!ReplyAAronJuly 16, 2017 at 12:51 pmI
 just put in my order as well. I am very excited to have found this
place. I have been using counterfeit and I am holding my breath I dont
get caught!!! This will make things much easier.ReplyJimBobJuly 15, 2017 at 6:46 pmOrdered
 overnight for 5,000 it arrived on Friday afternoon. The bills are in
decent shape. there was a couple from the 80’s. I will keep one and
frame it.ReplyMM33912July 15, 2017 at 6:44 pmI
 thought this was too good to be true, but I placed an order just to see
 and I’ll be damned but my cash showed up today with some
>creative< stealth! Thanks!ReplyKenJuly 15, 2017 at 5:02 pmIs there a way I can spend this to pay off my bills? Most places dont take cash. How do I convert it?ReplyKing ShitJuly 15, 2017 at 11:35 amJust got my Saturday delivery. Thank you.ReplyMaximus1574July 15, 2017 at 3:15 amJust placed 1st order. Hope it’s Legit and bills are not traceable or bogus. Will post after receiving with results.ReplyBigdick101July 15, 2017 at 8:17 pmI hope this worksReplyEazYJuly 14, 2017 at 2:35 pmThis is a quality operation, with a quality product… I would order everyday if I could. BTW…your stealth tech is tops!ReplyTH3TIM3TRAV3L3RJuly 14, 2017 at 10:47 amI ordered the yesterday the professional 10k one. I did get tracking but it wont arrive until Monday afternoon.ReplyHMQEJuly 14, 2017 at 10:46 amBlade,Post arrived today, 1300 quid as promised. Real bills. Passed all counterfeit checks. Nice!ReplydopemanJuly 14, 2017 at 3:20 amSmokin another big fatty this eve.. thank you ace!Replyzutaka101July 14, 2017 at 2:11 amI
 ordered the USD package and it was delivered to HK. No problems and the
 stealth is quite good. I learned of the site from a contact in my
business. I know many have Chinese who will want your product.Replystrawman0321July 13, 2017 at 8:01 pmIs this site real?Replyjohn wayneJuly 13, 2017 at 7:26 pmanyone understand why comments only run to 2016? I am ready to order, but i need some validation. anyone?ReplyJohnny CageJuly 13, 2017 at 11:47 amThey first opened the site last year.ReplyMirmillo2!July 13, 2017 at 6:12 pmI
 wonder if they have different people filling orders in different
places. I have ordered from here 3 times. Each time I get my order on
time.ReplyAzrael-The-AngelJuly 14, 2017 at 4:48 pmLooks
 like the gov is after Alphabay! Oh well… Things on the darknet come and
 go. I put in for my 5th order with these guys. I have not had any
issues with ordering or delivery. The cash is real. Some of it is in bad
 shape. I could deposit the $$ in the bank or spend it. No one has ever
questioned me.ReplyAntonJuly 13, 2017 at 5:21 amMotherfucker I just got my second order yesterday. Ordered on Sunday. Cash was professionally packaged and well disguised.ReplyvandersonJuly 13, 2017 at 3:18 pmSame
 here I ordered last Saturday and it arrived yesterday. The cash is
legit. I love the product but the service is not the best.ReplyeJuly 17, 2017 at 6:43 pmnever got to place my order! Never was able to get enough bitcoin:(ReplyBig PenisJuly 12, 2017 at 5:48 pmIts
 amazing when you have some cash to through around how the women just
keep coming. I have fucked more chicks after finding this place than in
my entire life before.ReplyKiloJuly 12, 2017 at 4:45 pmFucking Awesome!!! Thats all I can say.ReplyJJJuly 12, 2017 at 2:16 pmI have put my order in, Blade responded with decent time. I will review again once I receive (or don’t receive) my goods.ReplyLindaJuly 12, 2017 at 12:00 pmThank
 you so much. I received my package. You guys did a good job hidding it.
 It came as a birthday gift. Thank you for the card. I cant wait to
order again.ReplyKing ShitJuly 12, 2017 at 8:12 amGot my cash. I hope you keep selling this stuff for a while longer. I will wait my 2 weeks then put in another order.ReplyChaos KillerJuly 12, 2017 at 1:56 amJOEWe
 know what the CIA/NSA is doing. Lots of Noobs use the darknet and they
dont understand how to use it. No one in their right mind would post
their experience on the clearnet about their purchase of stolen money.
That would be sure way of getting put in jail.Expanding on what JOE
said… If you are new to the darknet NEVER EVER use GMAIL, Outlook etc..
Definitely dont post on the clearnet on how you purchased stolen
pre-shred cash. Please understand, your gmail, outlook, etc is scanned
all the time. Your comments, videos etc are traced back to you by IP and
 username as well as a digital fingerprint that you can not control. I
know of a couple of noobs who were arrested for doing stupid shit like
that. Plus Google (Gmail Youtube) remove the comments and videos. Its
against their policy to keep it posted.The only comments and videos that
 are kept on the clearnet are from Law Enforcement including (NSA/CIA).
They serve two purposes, first, to scare people from using the darknet
or specific sites on the darknet. Second, to encourage criminals and
people who need to launder money to sites they are tracking.If you ever
see a darknet site on the clearnet with good reviews, videos, etc.. stay
 away. Its being monitored. Likewise the reverse usually is LE trying to
 keep people from buying at that site by scaring them away. They hope to
 take away enough business that the site will just close down.I have
been buying from Blade for almost a year now. There is no way he would
shut down unless he was out of money to sell.Food for Thought…..ReplyJohnny CageJuly 12, 2017 at 10:13 amThe
 government is always been trying to bring and his operation down. They
have a hell of time trying to find him. This game they play trying to
scare people off is old news.I have said it before and I will say it
again. I think Blade should shut this down so that the public doesnt
have access anymore. There are many of us veterans who buy large orders
every 2 weeks. I think he should just sell to us and keep this thing
private.ReplyInterstedJuly 13, 2017 at 11:14 amJOE it sounds like you have a great deal of inside information. Do you mind if I email you to ask some questions?ReplyJOEJuly 11, 2017 at 9:53 pmLooks
 like our friends at Christians in Action are engaging in some more
psyops. In addition to fake reviews they are posting videos as well.
These guys are trying to stop you the only way they can. They do not
want you distributing this money. I have also learned at locals are very
 upset at the most recent shipment of pre-shred you acquired. They do
not want you selling it.ReplyRylosJuly 11, 2017 at 1:27 pmI am so glad this worked out. I ordered overnight but it took 6 days to get to me. I guess it was the amount. I ordered $25000.Replyknock knockJuly 11, 2017 at 9:21 pmDo you want to reply to meReplyBig Black ManJuly 10, 2017 at 6:25 pmJust ordered, will update when this receivedReplybabyBLACKJESUSonMethmatJuly 10, 2017 at 5:53 pmok
 people this is the fucking dealio.. .faith, trust and beliefs are all
choices. a belief is just something you tell yourself over and over… of
ALL the crazy cunt shit things we all tell ourselves are truths and KNOW
 are NOT, WHY? if we all made a choice to believe in THIS the momentum
and force could only benifit us all. so why not… BELIEVE IN IT.ReplyFantastic!July 10, 2017 at 3:57 pmGot it all! ThxReplySinbadJuly 10, 2017 at 11:21 amHey
 Blade,I forgot to fully sent the payment last week but now the payment
has been sent fully (^-^) .Sorry for that.I’ve emailed you my shipping
info. please send me the tracking info once you checked your
email.Cheers mateReplyHoobagookJuly 10, 2017 at 4:42 amNah, there is no fucking way this is real.ReplyHoobagookJuly 13, 2017 at 1:16 pmI can not help myself. I ordered. Now I want to see if I get it.ReplyloadJuly 10, 2017 at 12:40 ampeople need to know this is real. but educate yourself and do not spend $10k all at once anywhere.ReplyConflictedJuly 9, 2017 at 1:54 pmI
 bought this because it gave me hope. I expected this to be fake and
most likely loose my money. After I paid I never heard from anyone. 4
days later a package from Fedex arrived. Inside was $4,980… I paid for
$5,000, but that is not the point. Now I am conflicted at to whether I
should spend this money. I am not sure how the got it. I know they say
how but I dont know if that is true or not. So now I dont know if I
should spend it or not. I feel like I have personally stole from the
government. IDK what to do. Can others tell me its ok so I can feel
better? I look at all this cash and I dont know what to do.ReplyAnonJuly 9, 2017 at 2:42 pmIf
 you’re that scared just go out and buy visa gift cards or youtube how
to put cash on paypal, that way you can spend your money without
stressing so much. but i mean you knew what you were doing when you
bought that package so you shouldn’t be that scared lolReplyDontBeAPussyJuly 9, 2017 at 3:22 pmDude
 stop being such a bitch. It’s cold hard cash. Blade has so many happy
customers and countless reviews of how good it is. If you can’t get past
 your morals you should have never ordered in the first placeReplypatience is keyJuly 9, 2017 at 7:25 pmThe
 wealth of the world belong to those that dwell there within. The
governments steal much more than our money, they steal our lives. The
least you can do is take what is rightfully yours and pay it foward,
give to charity and the homeless and most important of all give to your
self.ReplyREBOLJuly 11, 2017 at 6:07 amHas anyone tried spending any of this cash yet??Replypatience is keyJuly 9, 2017 at 10:46 amI
 looks like the shipping times are updated and posted on the page
according to the day. Everything is on time and no shipments on sundays,
 be patient you will get your package!!!ReplyDazed and LostJuly 10, 2017 at 9:02 amI
 am super confused…. I ordered my package with overnight on Friday
around 7pm. Tracking shows it arrives today (10th) but Blade wont email
me back when I ask him to double check the tracking #. I gave the wrong
address in my first email and then corrected it in the second email. I
want to be sure it was sent to the correct address. Wasn’t here
Saturday, and not on Sunday. So now i’m playing the waiting game to see
if there were any problems or if it arrives. some communication would be
 nice. Communication was great before payment… But after he sent the
tracking info – nothing.ReplyAntonJuly 9, 2017 at 9:55 amI
 just paid for my second order with this site. A lot more money this
time. I hope I dont get screwed. They sent me the $1300 a couple of
weeks ago. I hope they send me cash again.ReplytestJuly 8, 2017 at 11:30 pmtest testReplyvandersonJuly 8, 2017 at 9:09 pmJust ordered can’t waitReplyTsizzleJuly 8, 2017 at 5:58 pmBladeNoticed
 someone peaking about Saturday express shipping? Is there an extra cost
 for that?Looks like a lot of happier customers around here.ReplyopenskullJuly 8, 2017 at 1:57 pmI
 did the 10,000 package and got it Thursday. I deposited 4,000 and kept
the rest in cash. I booked a first class ticket to Las Vegas and here I
am. Had a great night last night. I have barely slept. I will be doing
some major damage this weekend.Thank you BladeReplyJohndoe519July 8, 2017 at 12:19 pmMade my deposit before the bank closed today. Transaction posted immediately. Now I am paying off my second credit card.ReplyTJJuly 8, 2017 at 11:11 amThanks for the Saturday Express Delivery. Very Impressed!ReplySinLordJuly 8, 2017 at 10:17 amHey Blade,Quick Question mate,Does £10,000 package comes via DHL or Royal mail? Also how big is the package?CheersReplySinLordJuly 8, 2017 at 3:19 pmAnother
 question Blade,i am planning to order £10,000 as you see above. before i
 do so;How long does it take to get tracking number on,1. Express
shipping UK2. Overnight shipping UKThe money is sent from within UK,
right?Thanks mateReplyAndersonJuly 8, 2017 at 3:46 pmHey how long did it take for u to get ur tracking number only reason why is cuz I’m excited but worried at the same timeReply-VJuly 7, 2017 at 10:57 pmHoly shit! I didn’t think that this would work but I Sent my payment and within 3 days i got my money.Doing this again for sureReplyDougJuly 7, 2017 at 8:35 pmOK placed my order and transferred payment. Got confirmation and tracking 4 hours later…I should have ordered more moneyReplyCCPJuly 7, 2017 at 11:55 pmYou
 are lucky, it took my 72 hours to get tracking info. Maybe I should
have ordered overnight shipping. I guess you get what you pay for.Anyway
 it should arrive Monday.Reply2nd OrderJuly 7, 2017 at 6:26 pmIs it ok for me to use the cash from my first order to buy bitcoin and buy a larger order this time?ReplyPeaCeGoDJuly 8, 2017 at 11:51 amWhy not. I fuckin do it all the time. I think thats the point!ReplyFrenchJuly 7, 2017 at 5:11 pmOrdered
 £10,000 with Express Shipping (2-4days) on July 4.Got trcking number.
Tracking # did not work very well.Go the package today.ReplyNiceJuly 7, 2017 at 2:31 pmOrder Placed on thursday, watching the tracking information! I wish I had ordered overnight shippingNice!ReplyFat JakeJuly 7, 2017 at 2:23 pmIDK about you, but I have no job and I smoke some quality shit all day long. long as I have my cash commin in it dont matter.ReplyOMGJuly 7, 2017 at 2:22 pmThis
 place has turned into the fucking Brady Bunch. People this place is for
 hard core criminals who need to move money around fast. Blade i wish
you would just focus on your regular customers because the noobs take
took much time and energy, plus they lower the inventory.ReplyOh Canada!July 7, 2017 at 1:09 pmPost arrived here in the territories. I should have no problems exchanging this out for a few loonie.ReplyKateJuly 7, 2017 at 12:52 pmThank
 you so very much for the money. It will help the family so much. I will
 follow your instructions on how to deposit it in the bank to pay off
our bills. This is a wonderful place. Thank you.ReplyMaanJuly 7, 2017 at 6:19 amEuro to France delivery was expected and delivered. Very good service. Thank you.ReplyslumytoadJuly 7, 2017 at 4:01 amjust placed my order…waiting on tracking.ReplyTwistedSisterJuly 7, 2017 at 6:57 amJust
 placed my first order as well after a long consideration. I don’t feel
too nervous as everyone has posted some great feedback. Awaiting
tracking.ReplySinnerJuly 7, 2017 at 1:26 amEverytime I order from here I feel dirty. I guess I will just have to get over it!!!ReplyslumytoadJuly 6, 2017 at 7:34 pmready to orderReplyrigedriderJuly 6, 2017 at 5:06 pmcash came in today!! i was skepticalReplyCaptain AmericaJuly 6, 2017 at 2:15 pmPackage
 arrived today as promised. I do have a question, many of the 100’s have
 ink on the outside edges at different spots. Does that mean anything or
 was that why it was pulled in the first place?ReplyKidBlastJuly 6, 2017 at 12:45 pmHi
 Blade,must I wory about my Order, I got the cash and I am a bit scared.
 how do I know the FBI or Army dont show up at my door for my cash you
sent me?!RegardsKidblastReplytigerJuly 6, 2017 at 12:16 pmStealth and packaging was good but I’ve seen better. Cash deposited into a bank smooth.TigerReplySailor BoyJuly 6, 2017 at 7:20 amThe
 best product I have ever seen! Your service has revolutionized how the
dark web should work. I hope you stay open for years to come!ReplyThorJuly 6, 2017 at 6:22 amWell
 so far i ordered overnight shipment a week ago and and I got my
tracking number… Blade was good at keeping in contact with me through
the entire transaction. Once i made a payment I got my tracking number
in about 5 hours. I was scared, as this was my first transaction but I
kept faith. I got my package this morning and it was exactly what I
ordered. Thank you!ReplyBillJuly 6, 2017 at 2:55 amReady to order!!!ReplywalliesenpaiJuly 5, 2017 at 9:02 pmhey ace i sent my cash and address 3 hours ago still waiting the status of my order…. 3 hrs man. Common manReplyLSD LightsJuly 6, 2017 at 9:23 amYo
 man, chill and have trust in Blade.you waited 3 hrs, I have been
waiting for 24 hours for my tracking number before getting it.So take it
 easy and waitReplythebOYJuly 5, 2017 at 11:10 amAny German experiences here pls?ReplyHorkoJuly 5, 2017 at 10:16 pmYeah I also ask myself if the Euro notes are real… In the descrption they talk only about USD notes and where they come from.ReplyQuestionJuly 5, 2017 at 10:04 amI
 am about to get my 2nd package. I want to order the $25,000 package.
Will it fit in a normal box or will it need to be shipped in two
seperate shipments?ReplyHappy Days are HERE !!!!July 5, 2017 at 12:25 pmGot my cash today. This was my first time ordering anything using tor. I will order again.ReplyRayButtsJuly 5, 2017 at 6:47 pmLet us know if you get itReplypebbleJuly 9, 2017 at 7:33 amUpdate…
 I got my money on Thursday!!! Bills are 100% legit. I didnt believe it.
 I thought for sure I would get some fake shit. I am hooked when can I
order again? I think I read there was a time limit. What is the limit?ReplyONX7-11July 5, 2017 at 5:52 amIf I order how long will it take to get. I know others that have gotten theirs fast. I want fast too.ReplypebbleJuly 4, 2017 at 11:38 pmgot the update Blade thanks. Looking forward to my shipment going out tomorrow.ReplyKIM KJuly 4, 2017 at 10:56 amIm like… wow!! Very good.ReplyCosbyJuly 4, 2017 at 9:22 amThis is awsome!! Why fuck I waited so long I will never know.ReplypeteyJuly 4, 2017 at 7:47 ammoney sent just waiting on tracking.ReplyTambienJuly 4, 2017 at 7:38 amthis is cheap money! The best place to get cash in mexico!ReplyJesusSavesJuly 8, 2017 at 5:27 amHey Tambien, Did you have your cash shipped to Mexico or was it mailed to the States and then hand delivered?ReplySinJuly 4, 2017 at 5:50 amHey Blade !! Will there be any delays because of the holiday?ThanksReplysufer dudeJuly 4, 2017 at 3:36 ambought my first package about 3 weeks ago. I am ready for my next one. Im like a kid in a candy store.ReplyIfeoma EstherJuly 4, 2017 at 1:32 amGood day guys. Admin Blade, is over night shipping to Ghana possible?ReplyHurryJuly 3, 2017 at 11:52 pmGot my tracking number and I am all set for the arrival tomorrow.ReplyEMetJuly 3, 2017 at 8:01 pmThis is the best! Im am excited to get my cash! Thank you.ReplyMcDonaldJuly 3, 2017 at 6:19 pmhey
 ace! i made a payment yesterday for overnight. i understand it was
Sunday. The tracking shows it will arrive soon, how reliable are fedex
tracking codes? thanksReplyTzuJuly 3, 2017 at 11:14 amYou send to Mainland China? I will be big customer.ReplySinbadJuly 3, 2017 at 7:03 amHello,I
 have a made a purchase and sent payment. What is the waiting period
before I get a confirmation from you guys.Thanks a lotCheersReplyFroggerJuly 3, 2017 at 2:47 pmHey
 Blade,I was shorted $40 on my $2,500 order. I recounted it 4 times.
It’s not a big deal but dont let it happen again. $40 is alot for me.ReplyAussieAdviceJuly 3, 2017 at 5:43 amJust sent my very first order.How excitingReplyDazzholeJuly 2, 2017 at 2:08 pmIs GBP sent from within UK?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJuly 3, 2017 at 1:59 amHello Dazzhole, yes it is sent from within the UK. Good questionBladeReplymsleviJuly 2, 2017 at 9:28 amI
 am going to South America this summer using the cash. I assume since I
can deposit at my local bank exchanging it in another country wont be a
problem.ReplyBlack-hatJuly 2, 2017 at 7:31 amHow long to get euro to germany?ReplydanishJuly 2, 2017 at 3:39 pmkannst du mir schreiben ob der service hier legitim ist?ReplyKiddoJuly 3, 2017 at 8:11 amI
 dont know what Blade would say, but I suggest you dont deposit more
than 5k in a 3 day period. I dont know how much you have but you dont
want to put attention on yourself. The law is 10k in any 24 hour period,
 but I like to be conservative.ReplynishizuJuly 2, 2017 at 2:19 amCan I get euro sent to japan? I want the silver package.ReplyN3cr0szJuly 2, 2017 at 1:20 amNice to see good service on the darkweb. Thank you Blade and team!ReplygR00tJuly 1, 2017 at 11:55 pmAny word on bringing back the 100,000 packages?ReplyKiddoJuly 3, 2017 at 9:55 amI would like to see them brought back too Blade!Replybronco77July 1, 2017 at 2:58 pmI
 ordered the professional package today and already have a fedex
tracking number. It says it will arrive on Tuesday. I believe it when I
see it.ReplyOmenJuly 1, 2017 at 12:16 pmI hope I did not miss the deadline for a shipment to go out today. I want it by Monday. Can you do it?ReplyHeadless HorsemanJuly 1, 2017 at 7:15 pmOmen did you get a tracking number yet?ReplyAnonymousJuly 1, 2017 at 8:41 amThis
 site looks legit. I was searching in google about phrases like
>scam< and >fake< in association with your site, but found
nothing. I feel the urge to be you costumer.ReplyJohnny CageJuly 1, 2017 at 2:11 pmDumbass you know that Google tracks your IP and your searches dont you?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 30, 2017 at 10:55 pmWe
 are getting lots of questions emailed to us. We dont mind questions but
 most of them are related to answers we already have posted on our
website. The best advice I can give is to read the FAQ’s first before
asking a question. Most likely your answer is there.We get tons of
emails everyday. We dont have time to answer the same questions over and
 over again. Please post your questions on the forum. If you have a
question then most likely others have the same question. Posting it on
the forum allows everyone to get answers fast. Plus it will help us with
 the emails to focus on getting packages out in a timely manner.Keep up
the Fight !!!!BladeReplyHumanitatisJuly 1, 2017 at 10:46 amHey
 Blade,Sent you a couple of emails over the last few days. Haven’t got a
 response yet but hoping to begin ordering EUR from you. Did I send it
to the right email address?ThanksHumanitatisReplyPrime MeridianJuly 2, 2017 at 11:59 pmNew
 to the order processes, for future reference which email is Buy Real Money
 actively using to accept orders and what is the average response time?I
 apologize for what may ne a repetitive question.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 30, 2017 at 10:25 pmThese
 fuckers are relentless. They wont stop us. Money belongs to the people
it was created for. People work hard enough. The 1% does what they can
to stop us. It wont work. They can post all the fake shit they want. I
will keep giving the money to people it belongs to. I am tired of the
government corruption.ReplySwiss WatchJune 30, 2017 at 7:17 pmThese
 are the best Euros on the darknet. High quality. I know you say they
are real I do not find any errors in them. Bought bitcoin with them in
person no problem.ReplyKiller-DogzJune 30, 2017 at 2:45 pmI have talked to a few people who have bought from here and they love it! Can it really be this easy?ReplyAnon45July 1, 2017 at 1:10 pmIts the sweetest deal!ReplyNelli1985June 30, 2017 at 1:33 pmI enjoyed the euros you sent. I want to buy more. Can I?ReplyIm TroubleJune 30, 2017 at 1:02 pmMy shit was late as well. Paid for overnight and it was 3 days! These guys are slipping.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 30, 2017 at 10:12 pmAnd
 yet another douche bag who can not follow directions. People, if you
want overnight you have to follow instructions. Sending us fake or
incomplete shipment address fucks things up and slows down the process.
Send us the proper shipping information and you will get it overnight.
Its that simple.ReplyRhinoDickJune 30, 2017 at 6:37 amI
 do not know why my cash took so long to arriveAdmin, I ordered the
overnight +$50 option.The package took 72 hours to arrive.I do not
appreciate this awful service.you are a bad bad man I am going to buy
credit cards from now on. They send faster.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 30, 2017 at 10:06 pmYes
 you did but you sent a fake address and the order could not be shipped.
 Dumb ass you need a valid address in order to get the shipment. I
emailed you and it took you 11 hours to respond. You missed the shipment
 deadline to get it to overnight.The instructions on the site are very
clear. You must have a legit address to ship to otherwise we cant ship
it.Go buy credit cards, I dont want your business. You cant follow
simple instructions and you a security risk for all of us.ReplyLate Nite MaddieJune 30, 2017 at 4:27 amI
 luv the girl power here!! No more getting underpaid by some pig that
all he wants to do is get in your pants. With this cash I will never
have to work for another dipshit again!ReplyTJune 30, 2017 at 9:25 amYou go girl!ReplyJohnny CageJune 30, 2017 at 10:49 amPlease
 dont tell me this site has turned into a yenta forum. Blah Blah Blah.
Just spend the money, the men here will bring it you.ReplyCaliGurlJune 30, 2017 at 2:48 amGot
 the intro to your operation from friend. She loves it and always has
cash. She finally gave up her secret and sent me the link to your site. I
 really excited to get some too! I am ordering the 10k.ReplyJonny KeeferJune 30, 2017 at 1:02 amFavorite site ever! Just got my $5k package ready to go fuck some bitchesReplyScorpio Madness_June 29, 2017 at 2:22 pmIs this for real? I could use the money.ReplyCunty CancerJune 29, 2017 at 3:55 pmScorpio
 this is the best site on the darknet. Cash is fantastic. i used to fuck
 around with counterfiet. No more. hassel. I would just say if you have
kids or a bitchy wife dont open the package around them. These guys have
 been known to ship dildos and other adult oriented ship with the cash.ReplyTanyaJune 29, 2017 at 8:28 pmYep. Credits Cards are PAID OFF !!!!ReplyNiceJune 29, 2017 at 4:10 pmAgreed!ReplyJaRuleJune 29, 2017 at 12:33 pmThis is some slick shit! Ho’s gonna love this dick while i make it rainReplyNutter ButterJune 29, 2017 at 11:51 amI sent an email to the mafia email address. I havent hear nothing back! what gives?ReplySnejkaJune 29, 2017 at 1:46 pmThe mafia email was supposedly fake because Blade got hackes. At least that’s what he told me. He fought off the hacker though.ReplyCassieJune 29, 2017 at 10:58 amI
 have the 20’s. Looks like they are from 1996. These are ok to deposit? I
 assume they are otherwise you would not have sent them. But I want to
make sure.ReplyJohnny CageJune 29, 2017 at 4:41 pmCassie,
 dont worry about the 96 series bills. They get pulled all the time.
Several of my shipments have 96 series bills. I have never had a problem
 depositing them. In the USA all bills that were legally printed are
legal currency today no matter when the date. 96 series bills spent
everyday even now.Relax and enjoy.ReplySnejkaJune 29, 2017 at 2:52 amJust made my first purchase. Hope I get that tracking code soon.ReplyggJune 29, 2017 at 10:09 amRecieved my tracking thank you. excited to get the money!ReplyWorld of FoodCraftJune 29, 2017 at 12:08 amWhere is my fucking tracking information?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 29, 2017 at 9:35 amWorld of FoodCraft – We emailed the tracking a little late sorry about that! Check your emailBladeReplyAussieAdviceJune 28, 2017 at 3:13 amAny
 Aussies ordering from here?I want to know where do you get the USD
exchanged to AUD?Any problems with the asg eof the cash?Do they ask for
id?Anything eles i should know before ordering?Thanks Mates
🙂AussieAdviceReplyAussieAdviceJune 28, 2017 at 8:32 pmOne question was meant to readAny issues with the age of the notes?ReplyDown UnderJune 29, 2017 at 10:07 amAussieAdvice
 fellow Aussie from Freo.Mate, exchange is a piece of piss. Email me and
 Ill send you info. downunder1980@torbox3uiot6wchz.onionI was gobsmacked
 its simple. No ID.Give it a burl you wont regret.ReplyAuusieAdviceJune 28, 2017 at 3:00 amAny
 Aussies ordering from here?I want to know where do you get the USD
exchanged to AUD?Any problems with the asg eof the cash?Do they ask for
id?Anything eles i should know before ordering?Thanks Mates
🙂AussieAdviceReplyTestJune 27, 2017 at 12:43 amTesting, wanna buy test tho.ReplyTestJune 26, 2017 at 5:03 pmJust checking if this comment gets published.ReplyExMenJune 26, 2017 at 4:29 pmI stopped working with counterfit money now that I found you guys. I hand over the cash and I dont worry.Replyhacksmd5gcJune 26, 2017 at 3:37 pmI FUCKING LOVE YOU MAN !!!! The shit showed up in the mail today. Im not gay or anything but this is great. … HOLY FUCK!!!ReplyPayDayJune 29, 2017 at 11:02 amIsnt it nice! its fucking windfall of a paydayReplyM CarnageJune 26, 2017 at 12:53 pmHello!I am from Brazil.In dollar purchases, can it be delivered in Brazil?Kind regards.ReplyPol000June 26, 2017 at 12:01 pmMy
 wife and I just got back from holiday in Monaco. We will never forget
it. The Gold package was a good choice for us. We went to the casino,
stayed in a beautiful hotel. All was paid with the Euro from the Gold
package.MerciReplymerciJune 30, 2017 at 3:35 pmDo they deliverly to France?ReplyKarinJune 26, 2017 at 11:09 amMy life has been changed. Thank you so much! My kids are going to have the best birthday ever.ReplyfucktheworldJune 26, 2017 at 10:41 amGuys/Gals
 not sure what you are. I did get my box of cash and it passed the
counterfeit tests I used. However, it was supposed to be overnight and
it took 3 days. Not sure why. I emailed about the issue and I never got a
 response. I am considering another order but I hope the service is a
little bit better. The product is great.ReplyJohndoe519June 26, 2017 at 3:03 amI
 know you have the program where you can get regular shipments of cash
on a regular basis. I know someone who is getting that service. I asked
him how I can get that service and he said I had to talk you. What do I
need to do?ReplyHillary ClintonJune 25, 2017 at 5:29 amHey
 Blade,I placed an order and sent payment for the semi-pro package with
overnight shipping. Sorry it took my a bit to post but I got the
overnight package and I am thrilled. I am placing another order as soon
as I am able.ReplyniggaJune 25, 2017 at 6:01 pmI would love to such on Hillary Clinton’s pussy. I could satisfy her in ways Dill never did.ReplyDavie JohnsonJune 24, 2017 at 3:33 pmYo, it took 48 hours but I got my tracking details…..ReplyK9June 26, 2017 at 9:16 amYeah it took me about that long to get mine too. Maybe I should have ordered overnight service.ReplyDavie JohnsonJune 29, 2017 at 6:03 pmProduct
 was delivered today. I am very happy! Its nice to finally get something
 I paid for on the darknet. I will reco this site to my friends.ReplyBy LivingJune 24, 2017 at 3:29 pmBought
 >Rookie< on Tuesday to try this out and I paid the money, I got
my tracking within a couple of hours. So far, to me, this appears legit.
 I am very happy so far. Let this be a warning to all who are skeptical
of this. The longer you sit on the sidelines the more money you miss out
 on.ReplyyumyumJune 24, 2017 at 9:12 amBlade – got my tracking number yesterday and I am ready for to spend this money.ReplyJOEJune 24, 2017 at 4:02 amI
 have ordered here twice. In both instances I received the cash that was
 ordered. As a prior member of the Christians In Action and with Cousins
 still in the group it is standard procedure to plant a decoy to disrupt
 illegal trade. Christians in Action has deployed several thousand decoy
 sites and reviews with the intent of poisoning the revenue stream of
its targets.If you are on the clearnet conducting research about dark
web sites and activities then most likely ( over 90% confidence) the
information you are reading has been planted by Christians in Action
and/or one or more of its non affiliated Cousins. Blade’s operation does
 a excellent job Dry Cleaning their operation. I am sure its driving the
 US government crazy.I post this as an admirer of this site and its
operator or operators >Blade<. I believe the Robin Hood principle
is noble and, based on Christians in Action activities, he is very
successful at the acquisition and disposition of very large amounts of
US currency.I write this for the benefit of all visitors of the dark
web. Information warfare is alive and well on the clearnet. This
includes Youtube videos and forums. Just because you see a housewife on a
 youtube video giving you her review from the kitchen does not mean its
really a house wife in her kitchen giving you her review. This applies
to >children< who also appear in videos or only via audio.
Recruitment for more Cousins who are legal age (18+) but look and sound
younger are of high priority due to their ability to infiltrate and or
poison a pool. They are highly effective when used in Psyops.Be smart.
If this is your first visit to the darknet know that you are now in a
world no longer control by any one entity. Operations such as this one
are difficult to stop so misinformation and other techniques are the
most effective. Unfortunately it is highly convincing and stops
individuals from benefiting and/or profiting from the Robin Hood effect.ReplyTGIFJune 23, 2017 at 8:47 pmTHE
 BEST FRIDAY EVER !!!!!! I GOT PAID TODAY AND ITS THE MOST I EVER MADE
IN MY LIFE!!!THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ReplyGingerFrizzJune 24, 2017 at 11:22 pmIs this really as easy and safe as it seems?ReplygandolfJune 23, 2017 at 1:01 pmI made my payment more than one week ago, received my cash and just finished spending it. damn.ReplyKycker1June 23, 2017 at 9:08 pmGoes quick dont it?ReplyPeeping THomJune 23, 2017 at 12:45 pmMy
 package is supposed to show up today too. Do I answer the door when the
 mailman knocks to deliver it? Should I ignore him so he leaves it at
the front door? This is my first time… A little nervous.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 23, 2017 at 12:53 pmYou dont get many packages do you?This is just like any other package delivery you will ever receive.BladeReplyOMG !!!June 23, 2017 at 11:54 amJust got the box this morning from Fedex. What do you guys do vacuum seal the bag. It was a bitch to open.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 23, 2017 at 12:58 pmDont be a fucking pussy. this is real crime. man up and dont whine about the package being sealed too tightBladeReplyMarconJune 23, 2017 at 8:23 pmI received new euro also. Is euro not stolen from pre shred like usa dollar?ReplyDigitalCancerJune 23, 2017 at 10:00 amBlade
 check your email man. I am trying to get an overnight shipment out by
the end of the day today. Same deal as the first shipment. If you can
package it the same way I would appreciate it.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 23, 2017 at 5:14 pmCheck your email. Tracking was sent its on its way. Sat delivery as requested.ReplyTiredJune 23, 2017 at 2:12 amI
 am sick and tired of the stock market. I never know when I will be able
 to retire. Now with this cash coming every two weeks I will be retired
in 4 months. I finally get the break I deserve.Bless youReplyBernie Madoff with my $$$$June 24, 2017 at 2:12 amFucking
 stock market is a big con. The worst part is everyone has drank the
koolaid and believes in it. Only thing I believe in is cold hard cash.ReplyAliJune 23, 2017 at 12:31 amFuck you motherfucker why you not sell to me?ReplyUSA PrideJune 23, 2017 at 3:05 amProbably because you are sand nigger terrorist. Fuck off and God Bless the USA!!!ReplySimonSZJune 22, 2017 at 10:15 pmLOL
 I got the black dildo in my package. Thats funny. Its still wrapped in
plastic so I know it wasnt used. Of course I liked the cash that was
inside much better.ReplyFishLips1988June 22, 2017 at 9:58 pm2
 of my frat brothers got ur cash. one bought a car with it. I know not
smart. im ready now too. sent email and payment. ready for tracking.ReplyFishLips1988June 23, 2017 at 8:55 amGot my tracking number. Thank you.ReplyLewLJune 22, 2017 at 6:41 pmWent
 to the reviews to see this was legit but also found out this is where
kids get flamed. Haven’t bought from these guys yet but I plan to in the
 future. And by the way I agree with Blade like its his business he does
 what he wants. As Gandhi once said >if you got the money, you can
steal my honey.<🙂ReplyVisaJune 22, 2017 at 3:59 pmI
 have a question. Is it ok for me to take the pre-shred cash and deposit
 with a local bank that my visa is tied to? I want to pay it off and I
figure this could be the quickest way. Is it safe?ReplyFuck Visa 2June 23, 2017 at 10:07 amIm
 not sure what Blade would say but I did the same thing you are doing. I
 just deposited it in the bank and wrote them a check. Check cleared and
 now I have a zero balance. no one gave me any shit about it.ReplyMoney4NuthinJune 22, 2017 at 1:58 pmBlade
 just sent you an email with the shipping instructions. Very excited to
get the $25,000 package. My first order with you for $5,000 was spent in
 just 2 days. Let me know when you get it.ReplyJohn BJune 22, 2017 at 1:24 pmDo
 you know what >Quality Control< or QC Means? I bought $10,000 in
$100’s from you but only received $9,900. I know you’ll say its only
$100 bucks. I know $100 isnt alot to you, but it’s alot to me. In my
mind I bought a product and did not get what I ordered.I’m not asking
you to make this right, i’m asking you to take quality control
seriously.ReplyMavrikJune 22, 2017 at 10:37 amBlade
 – Why are you an asshole? Seriously man you need to chill out and show
your customers some respect. You should think about kissing our asses
because we are providing your income, you would be nothing without us
man. I’m loyal to you, but fuck man, dont be a bitch to people.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 22, 2017 at 10:58 amWe
 obey the >Golden Rule< – we have the money (‘gold’) therefore we
rule.I try to show respect for everyone but some people dont deserve
respect because their fagots. Remember this isn’t wal-mart.BladeReply888June 22, 2017 at 1:06 amMr Blade. Thank you for send the money to HK. No bad experiences with shipment. It was very easy!ReplyCrystalJune 21, 2017 at 3:48 pmWHERE DO I BUY METH? NO MORE CASH ORDERS TILL I GET THE CRYSTALReplyMethMethJimJune 24, 2017 at 1:36 pmWe got Meth for sale. How much yeah need homie?kilos start at 17.5 US shipped to ur door 😉ReplyTantoJune 21, 2017 at 3:33 pmI
 tried a technique to move the cash without having to put it in the
bank. I take the cash and buy gift cards then I buy first class and
business class tickets using gift certificates from the airlines. I then
 resell the gift certificates at a discount. I works pretty well.ReplyAmirJune 21, 2017 at 2:05 pmDo you ship to Saudi Arabia?ReplyDumb AssJune 21, 2017 at 12:56 pmWhy
 the fuck did my 10k have glitter all over it. Please tell me it didnt
come from some dirty whore! I know the bills are used but please do a
better job and clean them.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 21, 2017 at 1:51 pmThe
 glitter is for you, you sounded like such a bitch in your emails we
assumed you sold your ass to out to the highest bidders. In fact we sent
 an extra $5 because that’s what we thought it was worth.BladeBuy Real MoneyReplyNeighborhood Friendly VacuumJune 21, 2017 at 12:35 pmPut my order in last night anxious as hell to see if this is legitimate. Just waiting patiently for my tracking number….ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 21, 2017 at 1:04 pmJust sent it to youBladeReplyMelb dude Down UnderJune 27, 2017 at 1:32 amI’m
 also from ‘Down Under’ – MelbourneGoing to place my first order.How did
 you convert your cash?Did you get aussie cash or deposit to account?Did
 they ask for any ID?Hope to hear from ya mate 🙂ReplyDoubleDJune 21, 2017 at 10:37 amBlade if I wrap my lips around your hard shaft and take every ounce of your juice will you send me $25,000?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 21, 2017 at 12:55 pmDoubleD
 – You arent worth $25k hun. Although it is good to see a woman
understands that one of her primary roles in life is as a semen
depository.BladeReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 21, 2017 at 1:00 pmHey 2CHE – Yes we will guarantee next day delivery. We’ll use Royal Mail Special Delivery GuaranteedBladeReplyDarknessJune 21, 2017 at 7:29 amDamn!
 I thought for sure this was bullshit. I got the email with the tracking
 number and thought that was bullshit too. Fedex rang the doorbell with a
 box. I opened the fucking thing up and it was loaded with cash. Thanks.
 You made a believer out of me.ReplyTrying To Be SafeJune 21, 2017 at 5:16 amThere
 is/are at least one other Onion site with the same exact set up as this
 site and a comment from the specific user >M4SK1337< in the
>Let people speak for us:< section is there, albeit using
different words. The information on method is the same. The pricing is
slightly different and the deals are also similar. I could go on an on
about the similarities.The link is here for you to check out yourself:
https://xyaukzqqcdkop4ui.onion.cabThe question thus become: who is real?
 Are any of them real? Is there any *real* proof?What’s the deal, Blade?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 21, 2017 at 9:35 amHey
 thanks for bringing this up. This website is a clone/dishonest website
run by an Indian scam team.As more evidence that we’re the real site:1.
Updating forum – their forum’s last comment was in October 2016.2.
Images with our website address in the photo. Only we have the cash to
take photos of it.BladeBuy Real MoneyReplyJosephJune 21, 2017 at 2:08 amYou rock! Cash money delivered. Excellent!!ReplyPeter ParkerJune 20, 2017 at 11:30 pmAbsolutely the best site on the dark net! Got my cash today and its amazing! I can not wait to order again.ReplyklubssJune 20, 2017 at 10:27 pmthis shit is so cool man, can i use a po box?ReplyHellHound666June 20, 2017 at 5:52 pmSo
 I am a first time customer and bought the 10k deal. Most of the cash I
got was in 20’s. I am trying to convert my cash into my local currency.
The guy at the exchange said he doesn’t buy 20’s only 100’s. I guess I
will order 100’s with my next order.Blade have you heard of anything
like this before?ReplyEhyJune 20, 2017 at 1:01 pmI have the cash now but its in US dollars, how do I go about exchanging these into Canadian dollars?ReplyMr.J.June 20, 2017 at 8:33 pmMade my first order first time so im nervous and excited. Let yall know how it goes.ReplyKedemJune 20, 2017 at 10:43 amNo issues shipping to Ha Eretz. These guys are true professionals.ReplyDemon IZJune 20, 2017 at 10:41 amCompleted
 my first order and now I am going for the big 50,000 for my second. I
hope this works. Its gonna set me up for the year!ReplyAussieJune 20, 2017 at 7:44 amGreetings
 from down under. Are you still shipping to Australia? My acquaintance
has received your product in the past and speaks very highly of your
service. I would like to get involved what do I need to do?Replysuc corporationJune 20, 2017 at 4:24 amwe paied by btc yesterday in the afternoon. we hope we are lucky.ReplyumbertoJune 22, 2017 at 9:43 amnnnnnnnnnnnnnReplyKaplanJune 20, 2017 at 1:38 amI
 love my country but I dont feel government has our best interests at
heart. I dont mind that Blade steals the cash. It was going to be
destroyed anyway.ReplyTJJune 19, 2017 at 11:29 pmWhy
 the fuck do you sell cash to foreigners? Fucking people outside of the
US are worthless anyway. Stop selling to them and keep our precious
greenbacks stateside.ReplyAntonioJune 20, 2017 at 6:10 amTypical
 American attitude! Fuck everyone else. We like money too! I have paid
all debts because of Buy Real Money. The Euro deposits at bank with no
problem.Replyhacksmd5gcJune 19, 2017 at 10:11 pmI
 am very happy with your shipment to the EU. Bills are authentic and
received as agreed. We will do more transactions. You are the best
source for money in Europe.ReplyErrorac7June 19, 2017 at 8:19 pmIs Euro the new bills? Are small bills available? This order is for 25.000. How large will parcel be?ReplyAnonymousJune 19, 2017 at 2:38 pmThis
 is bullshit. No one can or should steal from the FED. It is better to
use stolen Credit Cards. Visa & Mastercard are the real criminals.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 19, 2017 at 4:37 pmIf your ok with maxing out grandma’s credit card – go for it.BladeReplyCrazyJune 20, 2017 at 2:15 amYou
 are insane. Counterfeit and Card Cards are the quickest way to get
busted. Been there done that. Why counterfeit when you can use the real
thing? Thats like saying dont steal cash steal checks instead… Does that
 make sense?ReplyJosephJune 19, 2017 at 1:41 pmJust payed this morning with overnight shipping, waiting for tracking number, SO EXCITED!ReplyMrsYodaJune 19, 2017 at 1:23 pmWhere do I get the time to spend all the money? Haha. I found several ways.ReplyanswermemeJune 19, 2017 at 12:09 pmThank you for the cash Blade. I really really appreciate it. The overnight package showed up today. Thank you.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 19, 2017 at 11:00 amAll
 –GBP is back in stock! This is looking to be a busy week with alot of
orders processed. Thank you for your support! >Like< us on
facebook & twitter! Just kidding fuck that shit!BladeBuy Real MoneyReplyDoctor WhoJune 19, 2017 at 11:49 amGreat News Blade !! I put my order in. Not sure how much you got in or how long it will last so I put in a larger order.CheersReplysnJune 19, 2017 at 6:24 amyou can to send to israel ?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 19, 2017 at 10:45 amYes
 we can thanks for the email. Israeli customs are of course some of the
most difficult to get through, but we have a process that has
worked.BladeReplyRedDamnationJune 18, 2017 at 2:28 pmSo
 I got the cash you sent but it came in a sealed bag – does it have
latex in it? I’m allergic to latex and am concerned about this…ReplyJonny CageJune 18, 2017 at 10:37 amLook,
 everything has its pros and cons. I am an elite client with Blade.
Which basically means I have bought a shit ton of cash. The pros of this
 site. It delivers real cash. Blade uses good stealth for the shipping.
The cons-you can only order once every 2 weeks. Some bullshit about
making sure there is enough cash for everyone. If it were up to me I
would just by it all and fuck the rest of you. But no, I have to buy
every two weeks like everyone else.If you are still on the fence. Dont
do it!! You are not ready for this lifestyle. Plus it means more cash
for me.ReplyJ-ZJune 18, 2017 at 8:07 pmI once knew a real faggot named johnny.Reply10110June 19, 2017 at 11:55 amWell you have competition on your hands JC. I buying up what I can. BTW don’t be a selfish bitch!Replyanonymous joeJune 17, 2017 at 11:43 pmIs this real? How do I know these reviews are not fake?ReplyCraigJune 18, 2017 at 5:15 amI know I am real. I wasn’t sure either. I have done business twice with these guys. No issues so far.ReplyKikoJune 17, 2017 at 8:54 pmCan
 i try a tester? Or is that option unavailable?– The escrow service, how
 does it work if i buy like a copper eur pack?Please a responseReplyaNONuserJune 17, 2017 at 12:39 pmI
 also wanted to share the good news. I paid off my all my credit cards
and I sent the last payment for my car. As of today I am debt free! Now I
 get to keep all the money myself from my next order.ReplycapitalistJune 17, 2017 at 10:51 amReally great service! Thank you.ReplyXhemical_0uts1deJune 17, 2017 at 8:37 amI
 thought I read on your site that the government pulls all pre 1996
bills out? I had several 20’s and 100’s that were 1996 series. I can
still spend these right?ReplyCash is GoodJune 17, 2017 at 2:55 amI
 have a message from Blade with the tracking number. Tuesday is the
day!! This is my second order. I tested it out with $1300 with
overnight. The magazine with the cash inside showed up next day. Now I
bought the $25,000. This is almost a years salary coming on Tuesday. I
feel like a teenager with a new girlfriend.ReplyKeenanJune 17, 2017 at 12:11 amTook a 100 bill rolled a big fatty and smoked the shit out of it. AHHH nothing like bein a big ballerReplySK7June 16, 2017 at 8:22 pmHey was wondering if i could get an interview with you?-SK7ReplydrunkdudeJune 16, 2017 at 6:06 pmjust sent my coin for payment on the rookie pack!!!! ill keep you guys posted.ReplystaroiJune 16, 2017 at 5:40 pmWhat would be the procedure for paying via escrow?ReplyScarletJune 16, 2017 at 1:05 pmI
 ordered $10,000 yesterday with overnight shipping. I just got it in my
hands and it feels fucking fantastic. My boyfriend calls his dick the
pleasure pump, but $10,000 cash brings me a hell of a lot more pleasure
than he does.ReplyNr. KiJune 16, 2017 at 3:58 pmI
 did time in prison for credit card fraud. You cannot go to jail for
this. This is the best place on the dark net to make cash WITHOUT ANY
RISK Stop looking, this is it!ReplyFuckitwhynotJune 16, 2017 at 11:18 amJust
 made my first buy. Just waiting on the tracking number. Exciteded as
fuck. Thanks guys this will be awesome. Order another as soon as this
comesReplyTrying2hardJune 16, 2017 at 3:36 pmSame
 here!! I am so excited but scared at the same time! When did you place
your order yesterday? Does this make me a criminal? Kind of exciting
Thanks.ReplySwissCJune 16, 2017 at 10:29 amHey
 All,I was *highly* skeptical. In fact I thought Buy Real Money was selling
 high quality counterfeit and saying it was real cash. I placed my order
 on Tuesday morning with 2-3 day shipping, tracking received Tuesday
night, package received today. This is not counterfeit, it’s 100%
genuine and I took it to the bank. I see good reviews and I am going to
add my voice to theirs. I will be definitely getting 50,000k next time
round.May you all enjoy your cash in health and prosperity,SwissCReplySaint PeterJune 16, 2017 at 8:25 amhallelujah
 shout for joy! I got the cash and the cash is good and brings happiness
 like rain to a dry field. hallelujah!hallelujah!Replyfuck uJune 16, 2017 at 8:24 amfuck u ace. I hope someone cuts you open and sexually penetrates the cut, and cums inside you.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 16, 2017 at 10:06 amYour knife wouldn’t be able to cut my rock hard body. Your probably a limp dicked pedophileBladeBuy Real MoneyReplyKilomonjaroJune 16, 2017 at 11:51 pmAgreed!
 Well said P90X. Blade is good people. I guess anyone giving you access
to cash so that you dont have to work is good people lolKeep up the
fight Blade!ReplyJohnny CageJune 15, 2017 at 11:46 pmBlade
 I love the changes you made. Very nice. Hopefully these scumbags will
stop cloning your site. There is no one like the original!ReplyDanJune 15, 2017 at 10:06 pmI just put in my order.ReplyMoneyman395June 15, 2017 at 6:30 pmJust
 placed an order this morning with overnight shipping, and got my
tracking Info now. Will be back to let you guys know how it goes!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 15, 2017 at 4:54 pmAll,We
 had some unexpected large orders come through and we have ZERO GBP. GBP
 inventory will be restocked on Monday 12th. USD and Euro inventories
are high.BladeBuy Real MoneyReplydoubting thomasJune 15, 2017 at 6:33 pmace,i
 just wanted to tell you from the bottom of my heart how grateful I am
for this cash. it means the world to me. i got ripped off by another
site here on TOR but you guys have been stand up and trustworthy. i
apprecaite it man.ReplyProfessorDuckJune 15, 2017 at 2:39 pmIm thinking about ordering.Ive been scammed alot already with these money things.How can i be so sure this site is 100% legit?Reply2 PACJune 15, 2017 at 8:12 pmI
 know what you mean. Me too. When I ordered my first package I was
scared as hell, but man I am glad I did it. When that package arrived
and I saw that cash I knew life was about to change. Go for my man. It
will change your life.ReplyJohn D. DombrinkJune 15, 2017 at 12:48 pmHello
 Buy Real Money,My name is John D. Dombrink you might have heard of me I
have written the book >Sin No More: From Abortion to Stem Cells,
Understanding Crime, Law, and Morality in America< and I am a
Professor of Criminology at the University of California, Irvine.I must
admit studying the TOR Network is a passion of mine, I have particularly
 enjoyed watching your organization. I have heard about you inside my
circles since you created your group almost a year ago. Taking into
account who your stealing from, The FED, I have expected you to fail
numerous times. I still don’t understand how you manage to steal this
cash from them.I firmly believe you will be crushed by the US Legal
System, it is the best in the world. We catch all of the criminals and
remove them from society. Criminals do not belong in society, they
belong behind bars thinking about their mistakes. I think I will see
your face in the news someday, however I have respect for your
organization.Feel free to reach out to me I sent you an email with my
contact information.John D. DombrinkProfessor of Criminology, Law and
SocietyPh.D. University of California, BerkeleyReplyRedDamnationJune 15, 2017 at 3:29 pmJust
 placed and Order today, Blade is very good at replying to emails
promptly and professionally.I’ll give and update when i receive my
package.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 16, 2017 at 10:01 amJohn,I
 think our government is corrupt and we send too many people to prison
for too long. I think the criminal justice system is broken. I may end
up going to jail but you probably deserve to be there more than
I.BladeBuy Real MoneyReplytestingnowJune 15, 2017 at 12:29 pmtestingReplySebastianJune 15, 2017 at 11:34 amACE!!!
 YOUR FUCKING AWESOME!!!! I cant believe this worked and its a total
life changer! I was gonna buy counterfeit and then I thought >What
the hell I am doing? Niggers go to jail for counterfeit!< So I bought
 from Blade instead and it was the best decision of my life!! I
seriously think about you when I’m banging my boyfriend in the ass. GOOD
 SHIT!!!! AWESOME!!!!!-SebastianReplyAnonymousJune 14, 2017 at 8:37 pmHi Blade, can you ship Euros to a PO box (boîte postale) in France?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 15, 2017 at 10:06 amHello yes we can ship to a boîte postale in France. No worriesBladeBuy Real MoneyReplyFuckitwhynotJune 14, 2017 at 1:05 pmJust
 checking to see if my comment comes up. Sent my 1st email for payment
details. If this is legit I will be ordering a shit ton more. Like the
idea let’s get it rollin thanks ACEReplyCullenJune 14, 2017 at 10:42 amHello,
 Just leaving an update placed order on 6/13/17 waiting to hear word
about tracking #. I hope this works out good. If my package arrives i
will let u guys know asap. I paid for express shipping to. I’m excited!ReplyScottJune 14, 2017 at 11:58 amMe too, I feel bad because I keep bothering them, so excited for the money!ReplyProfessorDuckJune 15, 2017 at 2:42 pmAnd u got it?ReplyForever - - - - - - -June 13, 2017 at 2:12 pmordered
 & paid yesterday for an overnight Elite package. It looks like it
was just mailed today. Would have been nice if it shipped out yesterday.
 Oh well.ReplyScience!June 13, 2017 at 12:45 pmOh
 please Blade isn’t a racist. Its the same as saying all black people
like watermelon, friend chicken and prefer anal sex. It sounds racist
but it’s scientific fact. This has all been proven in laboratories using
 double blind studies. Sometimes triple blind studies.ReplyAnonymousJune 13, 2017 at 12:35 pmWTF? Did you just say all scammers are Indian’s? That’s pretty racist.Replytest01June 13, 2017 at 11:01 amare you scam?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 13, 2017 at 12:02 pmIn
 reply to test01:Only Indian’s are scammers. In fact all Indian’s must
work as a scammer or a customer service representative for 1 year. Being
 a scammer in India is a very noble profession similar to being a
professional athlete or minister in another country. We’re just robin
hood style thief’s that steal from the government.BladeReplyStackJune 13, 2017 at 10:11 am
 >STACK< : a sum of cash moneyThe stack only goes up or down and
it’s your main job to make it go up.The stack is your best friend.The
stack doesn’t lie, doesn’t cheat and doesn’t betray. The stack doesn’t
judge you, doesn’t harm you and doesn’t plot against you.The stack is
always there for you, in good times and it bad times.It makes bad times
better and it makes good time amazing.The stack might make some of your
fake friends jealous and it’s best enjoyed with your real niggas, the
ones that were there for you when you didn’t have much stack.When lost,
just look at the stack for mentoring: will the stack go up or down
following your action? Once you know the answer, you know what to do.ReplyKristofferJune 13, 2017 at 9:17 amI ordered USD to Norway and the tracking number doesn’t work very well as soon as it leaves the USA.ReplyHellerrr...June 13, 2017 at 9:14 amwhy my comments not showing?ReplyFuck Chase !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!June 13, 2017 at 8:21 amJust paid those motherfuckers off. They can rot in hell for all I care. Jokes on them I paid them off with stolen cash!ReplyNew HireJune 13, 2017 at 8:20 amI
 think its time to fire your packaging people. This is the second time I
 have been shorted. $2500 Free Agent package was ordered and I am
counting $2380 in my shipment.ReplyXOXOXOJune 13, 2017 at 8:18 amI LOVE U ACE! I DONT HAVE SYPHILIS ANYMORE! HAVE MY BABIES!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 13, 2017 at 10:01 amIn reply to XOXOXO:I’m game you seems legit to me…ReplyEnigmaJune 12, 2017 at 11:49 pmBlade
 you fucking asshole I asked for 10,000 in 50’s and 100’s. Why the fuck
is their a bunch of 20’s? I have stacks of 20’s what am I supposed to do
 with that? I would appreciate getting what I ordered.ReplyklubssJune 20, 2017 at 10:26 pmlmao nigg at least you got yourself some fucking moolah, even if it is in 20’s, btw ace could i use a po box?ReplyJulieJune 12, 2017 at 10:02 pmI
 ordered on the 10th and I was worried I hadn’t heard anything. I got a
tracking number last night and apparently my order already shipped and
is expected to arrive tomorrow.Anticipation is killing me!ReplyObserverJune 12, 2017 at 8:55 pmIt seems Mondays are big delivery days for these guys. Any reason why?ReplyhenryJune 12, 2017 at 5:35 pmrecievedReplyCulture045June 12, 2017 at 5:26 pmGot mine today too! ThanksReplynerofluxJune 12, 2017 at 2:25 pmA++++ vendor. Done business before and will do againReplyStreamJune 12, 2017 at 12:23 pmBox
 arrived!!!! I opened it and there was a box of cereal inside. But
SURPRISE inside the cereal box was a air tight bag with my cash nicely
stacked.Can I post a pic?ReplyOriginalJune 12, 2017 at 9:06 amIm convinced. I have been watching this site for a few weeks now. I am ready to buy. Just sent the email. Its time to get rich!ReplyhokifcukpokyJune 12, 2017 at 1:53 amIm not that good lookin. I paid a hooker with my CK money. now I get the VIP level girlzReplyps3paulJune 12, 2017 at 12:04 amDo you still ship to Australia? There is a group here who used your services in the past and recommended you.ReplycolorblueJune 11, 2017 at 9:14 pmI
 just came across your site. I have bitcoin that I have been saving for
years. I bought it when it was low. This can be a great resource for me
to unload bitcoin and get an even higher return.Can I buy some larger
than $50,000? Maybe $100,000?ReplyAnon0815June 11, 2017 at 6:57 pmI ordered too! I am impatient and ordered the $25,000. Once it comes in I going to buy another $50,000.ReplyBarrydedreiriJune 11, 2017 at 8:42 amAre the euros also pre-shred cash or is it converted from pre-shred dollars to ordinary euros?ReplyDark LordJune 11, 2017 at 3:41 amGuys
 this will be my third order here. All I can say is get what you can. Im
 sure the government is gonna shut these guys down soon.Reply????June 11, 2017 at 1:01 amI used the cash to buy money orders. Now I am going to cash them somewhere else. That should wash the cash good enough correct?ReplyganstaJune 11, 2017 at 12:18 amdo you send money to argentina? thanksReplycaptain MorganJune 11, 2017 at 12:09 amI just ordered and I can’t waitReplyDa Bomb!June 10, 2017 at 2:36 pmThis place is fucking crazy. Makes my $800 a week job look like nothing.Reply$$$$June 10, 2017 at 12:49 pmI am scared to spend it. I have been keeping my cash in a shoe box. Any suggestions? I dont want anyone to find out.ReplyJulieJune 10, 2017 at 12:06 pmI
 feel the same way. I know someone who has done it, thats I how I found
out. They love it. I put in a order too. I will keep everyone updated.ReplyTarzanJune 10, 2017 at 10:51 amis hard to belive it sounds like mad money moviei gonna get a small amount I’ll update laterReplyGood SexJune 10, 2017 at 3:43 amI
 use this cash to pick up women. I just go on tinder find a hot chick to
 bang. Take her out, flash some cash, and the panties come right off.
Ah…..so nice not to be poor.ReplyAJune 10, 2017 at 1:12 amI
 would have expected better. I bought $5,000 in cash and about $1,500 of
 it is in bad shape. I thought you guys inspect all the bills and pull
out the really torn up bills?ReplyCrazi2June 9, 2017 at 10:55 pmAn
 friend of mine is one of your regular customers and gets one of the big
 deals a couple times a month. I dont have big money like him but can I
get a discount since I was referred by him? He said you would know him
by his sign SARLEX.thxReplyFast!!!!!!June 9, 2017 at 1:41 pmI
 put my order in last night. I got a response from Blade with payment
instructions this morning. Payment is on the way !!!!!! I hope I will
have money by tuesday or wendesday.ReplydrknssbfllsmeJune 9, 2017 at 4:12 amOMG..This
 could save my family man..I’m gonna pray I’m not making a huge mistake
and that this is all real cause if it is im gonna be a fucking
regular..working on getting bitcoin now..ReplymoisasJune 9, 2017 at 3:58 amas echo envio a nicaragua ?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJune 9, 2017 at 10:13 amSí podemos enviar dinero en efectivo a Nicaragua. No hay problemaBladeReplyLil ladJune 9, 2017 at 3:39 amHeySo
 I got your cash and deposited it in the bank, but I’m worrying that the
 bank lady is going to call the FBI. She was looking at me suspiciously
when I deposited $5,000 cash. I joked with her I got it selling drugs
but she should know that was a joke right.ReplyChappedJune 9, 2017 at 2:11 amAnother government scheme by UK. GBP has lost a huge amount of value. I am buying US dollars even though I am in the UK.ReplyMissyJune 9, 2017 at 1:01 amI have $1,300 in 20’s. This is so easy. I hope this site stays a secret for a long time!ReplyEurope PostJune 8, 2017 at 11:21 pmThe
 notes came in a air sealed bag. The bag looks like chocolate bars are
inside. However there is no chocolate bars inside. It has 4 stacks of
wrapped Euro.Professional shipping. I will order more after I spend
this.ReplyDe'anton'eJune 8, 2017 at 2:11 pmHella sweet cash my nugga’s!ReplycharminDMarch 23, 2017 at 3:01 pmI had my doubts, but its here. Thanks.ReplySmartfartMarch 23, 2017 at 2:28 pmSmells like teen spirit!!! Nope thats the smell of my 25k beautiful US greenbacks.Reply$harkMarch 23, 2017 at 1:14 pmI
 took $10,000 to a used car dealer and bought a car $6,500 call cash. I
kept the purchase price under $10,000 so that it would not be reported
to the IRS by the dealer.They took every bill and sent me on my way with
 my new car.Thank you Blade for the Cash and Advice!ReplySuperSammyMarch 23, 2017 at 12:01 pmNever did get a confirmation but the cash arrived this morning inside a couple of DVD’s. I’ll order again.ReplySaveMySoulMarch 23, 2017 at 11:46 amI
 am very conflicted about this. I feel bad that its stolen money, but I
need it. So, I guess its ok. I pay taxes that the government misspends
on stupid stuff anyway. Thats me rationalizing out loud making
everything better.ReplyrobertdevilMarch 23, 2017 at 11:38 amDelivered. Thx BladeReplyDTMMarch 23, 2017 at 10:24 amWhere are these pics u speak of???I wanna see… I wanna see!ReplysuckdickbitchMarch 23, 2017 at 3:02 amMore money for whores !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ReplyN3DDIHMarch 23, 2017 at 2:52 amAHHHHHHHHHH !!! That’s me dropping a load all over my cash. Awesome!ReplyMAD - MAN - MAXMarch 23, 2017 at 12:14 amDo You Guys still offer up to 200KReplyMr. PeabodyMarch 22, 2017 at 8:58 pmThe pics of the new cash look fantastic! Placed my 3rd order. Excellent Product!ReplyDDDMarch 22, 2017 at 8:33 pmFinally got my cash! So much for overnight…ReplyfrotoMarch 22, 2017 at 7:55 pmThese
 guys rock. Its hard find to quality shit on the darkweb. These guys
provide it, plus I love their philosepthy. Screw the Government. The
money belongs to the people.ReplyEFMarch 22, 2017 at 6:29 pmHow legit is this guy ?ReplyemielssMarch 22, 2017 at 5:56 pmI
 wanted to take a min and thank Blade. I ordered from a scam site
NewMoney-dm was part of the email address. The site look just like
this. Well I was screwed. I paid and got nothing.I guess I am a dumbass I
 found Buy Real Money from the hidden wiki and bought again. I told Blade
what had happened and asked if this was a scam to please not take my
money. I bought the 10000 Pro and it actually arrived. Blade even
through in 2000 extra which more than covered what I lost at the scam
site.Thank you Blade. People Need to Know.Replysome faggotMarch 22, 2017 at 1:29 pmCan i commentReplyEuropaMarch 22, 2017 at 1:23 pmA+++++ Euro with post to Italy.ReplyfzkMarch 22, 2017 at 12:09 pmThank you Blade. I have the shipping information. I am looking forward to my cash arriving on Thursday.ReplycharminDMarch 22, 2017 at 11:07 amI
 finally got a fucking tracking number with an apology about the delay. I
 checked the number and my package is expected sometime tomorrow.Replyscorpion7March 22, 2017 at 8:55 amCheers Blade ! 5000 quid all 20’s as promised !!ReplyNotMyRealUsernameMarch 22, 2017 at 3:38 ami
 took a suggestion from someone who posted here and I also started
loaning out the cash i get from Buy Real Money . Fucking brilliant !!Replyzee001March 22, 2017 at 2:12 amHey DYINGSOON sorry about your situation. Well, I guess if you got to go you might as go rich as shit !!ReplyC0braMarch 21, 2017 at 8:31 pmThank you Mr. BladeReplyJE3EJMarch 21, 2017 at 12:54 pmI agree charminDReplyeltahanMarch 21, 2017 at 11:32 amThis is the 2nd God Damn time I have got cash with drugs on it! Stop it!ReplydavidMarch 21, 2017 at 10:51 amGot my shipping info. I am expecting my package Friday. Ill let you know when it arrives.ReplylazybitchMarch 21, 2017 at 10:45 amI
 order euros before here. I have not exchanged them to other currency. I
 think I read somewhere here that people have exchanged them for
dollars.ReplyMeMarch 21, 2017 at 10:02 amI want to place an order but still bit scared. Anyone who got euros and exchange them for other currencies with np?ReplyHIGH SocietyMarch 20, 2017 at 11:33 pmI would love some of those old 1980’s series 100’s you have. I can spend some and collect some.Replymosati029March 20, 2017 at 10:37 pmI have decided it is time for me to take back what is rightfully mine. I am looking forward to my 10k in a couple of days.ReplystaydarkMarch 20, 2017 at 10:35 pmWow Blade it looks like you got a nice shipment of cash.Reply999March 20, 2017 at 10:10 pmBlade,
 I love the new pics of the product. I know you are a careful guy. So I
appreciate your sharing some behind the scenes stuff.ReplyPewDevastatorMarch 20, 2017 at 9:45 pmLeGermane
 euros are the real deal and they spend like any other. I am in France
on long term assignment. Once I get back to the states I will be
ordering the USD for sure.ReplycuriousMarch 20, 2017 at 9:30 pmHi Blade, thanks for accepting my feedback on photos. Now it smells like a real fucking deal, will be ordering very soon!ReplyDYINGSOONMarch 20, 2017 at 8:03 pmI
 NEED MONEY TO GO ON MY DREAM HOLIDAY BEFORE I DIE THE DOCTOR SAID I GOT
 3 MONTHS LEFT TO LIVE SO can you guys tell me if this legit , i just
want enjoy life a little bit before i leave this planet i’ve been
working my assoff for a like a dickhead for a decade and i got nothing
to show for it , so please please please tell me if this is LEGIT , i
want place an order if it ismay God bless us all & save us from the
dictatorshipReplyLeGermaneMarch 20, 2017 at 5:45 pmHas anyone expirience with their Euros?ReplyRKKRMarch 20, 2017 at 11:26 amLove it!Reply5x5rogueMarch 20, 2017 at 10:55 amI
 received my cash today. It feels so good to give the government the
middle finger. Now we need to send a message to those fucks that want to
 split up bitcoin. LEAVE BITCOIN ALONE !!ReplyTamia1987March 20, 2017 at 8:20 amThank you ! Thank you! Thank you!ReplyBearWatcherMarch 20, 2017 at 3:12 amFUCK
 FUCK FUCK…. I have been watching this website for a few months. I was
on the fence about ordering. Now bitcoin has fucking dropped in value
and I cant get a high level package. Shit, now I am really stuck as to
what I should do?ReplyDamianMarch 19, 2017 at 10:40 pmKnoppers, dieser lieferant ist gut.Replykingking420March 19, 2017 at 6:55 pmI am tired of the rich getting richer. We are the ones who all all the work and they make money off it. Now its my turn.ReplyRicher4isMarch 19, 2017 at 4:51 pmLets try this shit. Im so pumped!ReplyKnoppersMarch 19, 2017 at 4:39 pmCan someone from Germany tell me that this is legit? I’m considering to place an order for €…ReplydavidMarch 19, 2017 at 4:16 pmorder has been madeReply~iRakoMarch 19, 2017 at 4:09 pmJust
 placed my first order, seems like a decent vendor. Excited to get some
cash and will keep everybody updated on the progress.ReplypeterrMarch 19, 2017 at 12:14 pmguys i’m new here tell about you experienceReplypeterrMarch 19, 2017 at 1:10 amwaoow! Guys this is real?Replysillygoose!!!March 18, 2017 at 9:31 pmTaking my cash and going out tonight. Im getting lucky.ReplytotosajoMarch 18, 2017 at 9:01 pmI placed my order as well. Looks like it wont ship till money. It feels good to give the government the old middle finger.ReplyTreeDaveMarch 18, 2017 at 8:45 pmSame here. I cant wait. I am excited to get some cash.ReplyMoneySandraMarch 18, 2017 at 6:48 pmjust making sureReplythemonkMarch 17, 2017 at 10:52 pmI am stunned that I received a package with cash in it.ReplySalo00March 17, 2017 at 8:45 pmthank you for the cashReplyanon1900March 17, 2017 at 6:50 pmCP Man you are fucking disgusting. Blade I hope you are not selling cash to this piece of shit.ReplywhiteMarch 17, 2017 at 4:50 pmhey! do you guys ship to west Africa?ReplyCP ManMarch 17, 2017 at 2:40 pmHells
 Yes! I came to TOR Network looking for some hand candy and found you
guys! Let me ask you this what the fuck is wrong with banging a 13 year
old if its consensual? They have done studies, it doesn’t damage the vag
 at all!Now that gays can get married its time to drop the age of
consent down to 13!ReplySamMarch 17, 2017 at 11:45 amAhhhh!!!!! I’m downing in my own jiz!!Someone help me! It’s in my eyes and ears! I cant shut it off!ReplysJMarch 17, 2017 at 11:42 amThe mail has arrived. The cash was very well hidden. TYReplynesexpressMarch 17, 2017 at 11:19 amI
 think its funny LaunchPad is judging the people on CK. Yet he is
trolling the darkweb him/herself? Whatever dude. Fuck off and mind your
own fucking business.ReplyAmaterasuMarch 17, 2017 at 10:45 amI love pay day tooReplyPasteCP32March 17, 2017 at 10:28 amYES….YES….YES… GIVE ME MOREReplyBigPapaMarch 17, 2017 at 9:01 amThe
 real KING is the fucking credit card companies. These bastards have us
by the balls. The government works for these banks. Now the Fed is
jacking up the interest rates and guess what the CC companies are doing
in response? I fucking paying off my CC debt with this shit.ReplyTechDudeMarch 17, 2017 at 8:55 amHAPPY FRIDAY !!!!! Now I have drinking money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ReplyAvada_KedavraMarch 17, 2017 at 8:33 amGot it! ThxReplylilpMarch 17, 2017 at 8:05 amThe same senario is here in Europe. But we pay very high taxes. I am getting my hands on as many Euro as I can.ReplyLaunchpadMarch 17, 2017 at 7:38 amIf
 you went to college and cant get a job now thats your own damn fault.
You are being >Naturally Selected< to get the FUCK OUT OF THE GENE
 POOL. Do us all a favor and dont reproduce. Mcdonalds is always hiring
just work the fuck there for the rest of your life.Ordering this cash is
 a CRIME against all those that earning their money and paid taxes!Replyfuck youMarch 17, 2017 at 3:04 amfuck
 you launch pad I went to college and couldnt get a job. I depend on
this cash to pay all my bills and for my medical weed. You need to wake
up life is hard.ReplyLaunchpadMarch 17, 2017 at 1:59 amYa’ll
 need to have some fucking respect for the government! Stop ordering
this cash shit and earn it like everyone else does!!If you’re poor and
dont have money, thats your own mother fucking fault!ReplyGround Beef 4 lifeMarch 17, 2017 at 1:59 amLeGiT!:)I
 bought a mustang! Well I take that back, I put a $5,000 downpayment on a
 mustang and am signed up for a monthly payment now. Dont ever spend
more than $10,000 or it triggers a notice to the IRS!ReplyAdams FamilyMarch 16, 2017 at 11:27 pmWhy
 do you vacuum seal this cash? For domestic orders its safe enough that
you dont have to vacuum seal it. Just wondering not complaining.ReplysamMarch 16, 2017 at 10:51 pmHelp i’m drowning in my own jiz!Replyjack daniels.March 16, 2017 at 10:50 pmPlaced and order sent money, spent money, ordered more money.great nice good sweet forever21 fuck yea!ReplyMaltShizzleMarch 16, 2017 at 10:24 pmBlade can we get rid of this 2 week rule. I need more cash!Replyhackerjunior1March 16, 2017 at 8:51 pmgovernment? pussy is all that matters!ReplyPvt. JohnMarch 16, 2017 at 7:57 pmI served my country and they didnt give me shit. Blade and CK has giving more than the US government ever has.ReplyinfernusMarch 16, 2017 at 6:17 pmWho cares. Just keep stealing that pre-shred cash!ReplyThe Fellow TravelerMarch 16, 2017 at 4:46 pmI
 agree with you @hajjilagawi. Its all screwed up. I watch all the
political things going on and they are spending BIG money, trillions of
dollars. I dont feel back either. What Buy Real Money is doing is just a
drop in the bucket.ReplyMolideepMarch 16, 2017 at 1:08 pmBlade
 got my package today, but I am short too. Is this because of the cash
shortage you had last week? If so what is the plan to get it straight?
Out of $25,000 I am counting only $23,600 that’s usable.ReplyUnpronunceable_UserMarch 16, 2017 at 11:26 amTY Blade. We will talk again soon.ReplyCulture045March 16, 2017 at 9:54 amMy Livingston package is all here in 20’s.ReplyhajjilagawiMarch 16, 2017 at 6:01 amAll
 governments are doing the same thing, not just the USA. Thats why the
darknet is important. Its a game between us and them. We just need to
use the resources from the darknet before the agencies take them down.ReplyItzaelMarch 16, 2017 at 3:15 amI
 used to run counterfeit bills. I made decent money with it but I was
always worried I would get caught. Its nice to hand over actual cash and
 not care.Are you bringing back the 100k option?ReplyManman47March 16, 2017 at 2:47 amWell
 said @TaintedWhisper. I dont feel bad one bit about buying money stolen
 from the Fed. Im tired of working like crazy for nothing. I am looking
out for #1 and it feels so good.ReplyTaintedWhisperMarch 16, 2017 at 2:21 amThe
 US is not so innocent. Look, the fact is the odds are stacked against
us. Wall Street and a few elite have control of the money system and we
are so stupid to believe in it. Listen people get your head out of your
ass and stop the rat race you are in. How hard do you work everyday just
 to get a few slips of paper that a government says is worth something.
Actually, now you dont even get paper. Its just numbers in a computer
system. In the end this will all go to shit.ReplyfuckCHgovMarch 16, 2017 at 2:05 amWhat
 about Chinese currency? The Chinese fuck with all of us. Blade quit
screwing the US put your focus on the Chinese. Im sure with your
contacts you could make it happen.ReplyxrxMarch 16, 2017 at 2:01 amAre orders for Euros limited to every two weeks also?ReplySylar546March 16, 2017 at 1:45 amI just booked a trip to america. It felt good not to put the trip on credit.ReplyCassMarch 16, 2017 at 1:39 amMine
 was a little short too. $180 to be exact. I wasn’t going to say
anything but since you brought it up I though I would as well.ReplyCyberRancherMarch 15, 2017 at 11:45 pmA month ago if you were to ask me if I ever fucked a chic on a bed of cash I would have to tell you no. Ask me now…ReplyQualezMarch 15, 2017 at 9:04 pmBlade you piece of shit.. My order is short $1k. Can you not count? I swear someone was using some of these bills to do drugs.Replyjustify5720March 15, 2017 at 8:31 pmHas
 anyone here sold bit coin in person? I am trying to figure out how to
get rid of the cash and turn it into bit coin. I do not want to do any
electronic type stuff because I do not want it traced.ReplyMJMarch 15, 2017 at 8:10 pmHow do I get on your regular shipment list?ReplyWowonerMarch 15, 2017 at 6:36 pmthx for the euro. i will be backReplyDillweed4PGPMarch 15, 2017 at 6:12 pmThese
 guys rock. I see so much bullshit out there and I cant understand why. I
 understand doing your do diligence. I did as well. I actually waited a
month before placing my first order. Now I wish I had done it sooner.ReplyAnonymousMarch 15, 2017 at 3:11 pmchecking to confirm.. Just passin byReply8675309March 15, 2017 at 12:00 pmThis
 was my first transaction on the darknet. I was very nervous. I placed
my order for a $1300 Rookie on Friday the 10th of March. I sent the
bitcoin to Blade to a wallet address he provided. After 3 or so hours I
got a shipping confirmation and tracking number stating my package would
 arrived 15th of March. BTW I used the free shipping option. The package
 arrived this morning via USPS. The envelope was a generic USPS envelope
 and was sealed. Inside the envelope was a shrink wrapped DVD and a paid
 invoice for $11.95 for the DVD. At this point I thought I received the
wrong piece of mail. I opened the DVD and inside was a sealed black bag.
 I used some scissors and cut the top of the bag open. Inside was $1300
in various bills. Most of the bills were in fairly good condition. 8
$100 bills and 50 $20 bills.I know people are probably looking at this
site and wondering whether or not to order. I was one of those people.
Overall I am please with the transaction and would do another order with
 them.ReplyRon JeremyMarch 15, 2017 at 11:36 amOrder #3 arriving on Thursday!!!Replypigbella_March 14, 2017 at 9:41 pmhey i wanted to know how long does it take for you guys to receive a payment.ReplyPolar BearMarch 14, 2017 at 7:13 pmI
 have used these guys a few times. They are quick to take your money but
 it took 8 days for me to get $50,000 in cash when I paid for overnight.ReplyCarlMarch 14, 2017 at 6:53 pmHot damn!!! It arrived. All 100 dollar bills 96 series. A+ReplyrichgodheavenMarch 14, 2017 at 6:17 pmhow can i post hereReplyrichgodheavenMarch 14, 2017 at 6:16 pmHas anyone got money in india.Are these guys legitReplybig tunaMarch 14, 2017 at 11:09 amseriously! this is awesome!ReplyJames101March 14, 2017 at 10:56 amIDK how to spend this? Is it safe to deposit it into the bank?ReplythadueyMarch 14, 2017 at 10:52 amDollars mailed to Vietnam. $25,000 cash 10,20,100 bills. Good vendor.Thank you.ReplydogehtmaiMarch 14, 2017 at 10:49 amQuality
 Service. Ordered 5,000 GBP package. Notes were clean, all 20’s.
Delivery was 4 days from the time of order. Professional packaging.ReplySkale67March 14, 2017 at 9:42 amFantastic
 news Blade. I did get my package yesterday. You put in an extra $500 in
 my Free Agent pack. I hope you dont want it back.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostMarch 14, 2017 at 8:23 amAll,We
 have good inventory levels and we are looking forward to a good
week.torybolt – Buying cash is not illegal. Think of it like buying
gold, silver, mutual fund or bond.ACEReplyWalrus BroMarch 13, 2017 at 10:10 pmI
 finally worked my way up to ordering the $25,000 size package. Now that
 I’m a >Big Dog< I got to watch myself. When you start getting big
 cash in the mail you get paranoid.ReplySiriusMarch 13, 2017 at 9:24 pmPaid
 1300USD on the 11th. USPS tracking shows it will arrive 3/14/17. Now
its time for me to see if this is legit or not. I’m the only person I
believe on the darknet.ReplyNoofieMarch 13, 2017 at 9:13 pmBuying
 and shipping cash is legal in many countries. The way these guys ship
their cash its hidden very well. These guys rock. Just dont let the
money change you.ReplytoryboltMarch 13, 2017 at 5:42 pmbuying cash is legal?ReplyEarly Morning SurpriseMarch 13, 2017 at 9:48 amBlade
 I had to come on tell you how great it feels when you get a knock on
the door at 8:30am and its FedEx with $5,000 in cash. Bro you just made
my day!ReplyGGIRLXMarch 13, 2017 at 9:45 amI
 have a question, we have paid our bills and then some with the cash. We
 got another $10,000 on Friday and I am not sure what to do with it. I
know that sounds crazy. I don’t want to deposit it in the bank because
we have done that already and I don’t want to raise suspicion. I am
nervous about keeping this amount of cash in the house.Any suggestions?ReplySwissManMarch 13, 2017 at 6:17 amMany thanks Mr. Blade. I have the Euros now from you. It is good for me. We will do business again.ReplyLOLMarch 12, 2017 at 10:13 pmSame
 here. We paid off our credit cards as well with the cash. Now we are
putting the cash in a safe deposit box for a rainy day and for our
vacation this summer.ReplystellapolarisMarch 12, 2017 at 7:56 pmVERY EXCITED !!!!I pick up my package from the post office tomorrow.ReplyPNastyMarch 12, 2017 at 7:02 pmIts good to see that you have more cash Blade. I dont know what I would do without you.ReplyPeeptoesMarch 12, 2017 at 5:50 pmI
 love the cash here. I have bought more shoes than I know what to do
with. It feels good though. I was tired of worrying all the time about
money. Personally, I could care less how they get it.ReplyLouisMarch 12, 2017 at 4:36 pmI just order the cash to pay my bills. Got my last package on friday.ReplySMH again and again and againMarch 12, 2017 at 3:34 pmOh
 FUCK. I forget to say I paid one of my 40 year old teachers for a
blowjob also. You fuckers got to try it just go up to ANY woman and say
>I’ll pay you $1,000 for a blow job<. Any woman will do it for a
G.I order the $25,000 package on the REGReplySMH again and againMarch 12, 2017 at 3:34 pmI’ve also paid my step sister for a blow job. Kind of weird but it felt great.This cash is fucking awesome.ReplySMH againMarch 12, 2017 at 3:34 pmI spend my cash to pay bills and if I have extra I pay my girlfriend for blow jobs. She wont do it unless she’s paid.ReplySMHMarch 12, 2017 at 3:33 pmI
 came to the dark net for the porn but I found these fuckers. I love
their cash. Highly recommended.This is a DAMN SHAME everyone doesnt know
 about this!ReplyEekNaNorbMarch 12, 2017 at 2:44 pmJE3EJ,
 I am not sure about the negative feedback, but I have ordered from
Buy Real Money 3 times. I was REAL skeptical at first but I am glad I did
it. They do a good job packaging the cash. I would have never known what
 was inside.Replyjas362March 12, 2017 at 9:39 amBlade just wanted to say thanks. We just paid off our credit card thanks to your cash.ReplyzenmanMarch 11, 2017 at 8:06 pmWhere does the UK £ come from?ReplyJE3EJMarch 11, 2017 at 4:44 pmIf
 you guys screen comments does that mean you can filter out negative
feedback? I’m not criticizing or anything just making sure everything is
 legit before I drop a lot of $$ with you guys.ReplyJBMarch 11, 2017 at 12:32 pmwell lets get this startedReplysimplepleasuresMarch 11, 2017 at 6:23 amthanks for the cash dudesReplySuperSammyMarch 10, 2017 at 11:24 pmYes!!! You’re the best Blade! Can’t wait to be a regular customer.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostMarch 10, 2017 at 10:42 pmAll,We
 had some planned maintenance today thanks for your patience. We were
able to get more cash in stock. All orders are processing and we are
looking solid.BladeReplyDilbertMarch 9, 2017 at 10:23 pmCommon
 Blade get more of the cash. I am ready to quit my job but I don’t want
to put my notice in until I know for sure I can get more shipments.ReplyzeromoneyMarch 9, 2017 at 9:22 pmThank you Blade, I got home late this eve and I see my package has arrived. I love the stealth you use. Its very imaginative.ReplyJJtechMarch 9, 2017 at 5:20 pmI
 deposit my cash in the bank but I dont deposit more than 5000 within a
24 hour period. I have never had any issues. Since they are real bills
banks dont seem to care.ReplybsmashMarch 9, 2017 at 2:55 pmdo these notes work in banks??ReplyThe_ListenerMarch 9, 2017 at 2:20 pmYou got me hooked Blade. I need that good ole US greenback love.Replymumrah6March 9, 2017 at 1:39 pmBlade we believe in you. You and your team will be able to pull this off.Reply3limesMarch 9, 2017 at 1:17 pmDitto here Blade! Package of USD arrived and all $10,000 is there. This shortage concerns me. I need my CK Cash !ReplyUnW1ldyMarch 9, 2017 at 1:01 pmWeeeww!! Just made the cut. Cash arrived today. I hope you get more cash by the time I put in my next order.ReplySuperSammyMarch 9, 2017 at 12:59 pmHi
 BladeI sent my info and payment on Tuesday. Any chance I’m still in the
 list to get a delivery? This is so damn awesome I hope you guys can get
 some more cash!! If I’m not in the list for today will I still get my
order later? We all love you Blade! Keep up the kickass work man.Replymikefrom romeMarch 9, 2017 at 12:31 pmSupeer 1000euros ths you are greatReplymk24March 9, 2017 at 11:50 amfuuuuuk.
 I could use another $10,000 but dont have the BTC ready. Damn meth is
expensive and I need it pretty bad, It’s for a friend not for me.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostMarch 9, 2017 at 11:44 amAll,We
 are down to our last $50,000 USD. We -hope- to replenish our inventory
tomorrow. If we aren’t able to it will be 2-3 weeks until we have an
opportunity again.BladeReplyBloody GBPMarch 9, 2017 at 10:58 amI’m
 a bit stressing to be honest, They sent me fucking Euro instead of GBP.
 They said they were going to make it right and overnight GBP for free
but I have bills to pay soon! Stressing!ReplyKeeper2222March 9, 2017 at 10:08 ameuros mailed to Italy is here. good quality. stealth shipping is very high.ReplyCarlosMarch 9, 2017 at 9:05 amGreat Vendor. Cash Arrived. ThanksReplyDKMarch 8, 2017 at 9:43 pmDude you’re disgusting.ReplyOrgy PlannerMarch 8, 2017 at 9:29 pmCome
 on Blade.. I am planning to go to the brothel and I need my seed money.
 You know.. I need the money so I can blow my seed all over their face.ReplyDarknessMarch 8, 2017 at 9:01 pmMy package arrived today as well. I am hoping to put in for another order after 2 weeks. Blade, will you have more cash by then?ReplyAdamMarch 8, 2017 at 8:52 pmIm new to this…. will you get more if you run out? Also, is it safe to deposit into a bank account?ReplyAnonymousMarch 8, 2017 at 5:41 pmWill you be able to get more cash??? Man I hope that this isn’t the end!ReplyBoydMarch 8, 2017 at 4:55 pmBladeWhat
 about those of us on a regular biweekly shipment plan are we going to
be affected or will our packages arrive on Friday as they always do?ReplyDoubleDMarch 8, 2017 at 3:15 pmExcellent Seller. A++++++++++++++++++ReplyMKGMarch 8, 2017 at 2:15 pmGlad
 I got my cash before the shortage. I’m not bragging or anything. It
arrived this afternoon. I best not blow the entire $2,500. I got make it
 last two weeks.Blade keep that cash coming we depend on you and your
team!!!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostMarch 8, 2017 at 1:00 pmAllJust a reminder. No USD shipments will be mailed today. We will probably run out of USD tomorrow ( 3/9/17) afternoon.ACEReplyAcornMarch 8, 2017 at 12:55 pmThey say money doesn’t give you happiness.I disagree. Money makes me happiness.Replyharry ball sackMarch 8, 2017 at 12:22 pmmade
 my order for over night shipping this Monday morning. Got cash $5,000
cash tuesday afternoon. Then my wife spent all my damn money while I was
 at work.ReplyDamianMarch 8, 2017 at 10:00 amThank you Blade. The Euros have arrived. I had no problems with shipment to Germany. I will put in another order in 2 weeks.ReplyGossMarch 8, 2017 at 9:46 am5.000 Euro delivered as promised. Good packaging.ReplyDesparateMarch 8, 2017 at 9:44 amYAHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!!!!!I got my package !!!!!!!! I can not believe it !!!!! This is so awesome!!ReplyAnonymousMarch 8, 2017 at 7:45 amDamn! I waited too long…now there’s no cash to get. WaaaaaReplySuperSammyMarch 8, 2017 at 7:42 amIt’s official. Ordered my first package. Bitcoin and email sent. Thanks again.Replyty341March 8, 2017 at 1:58 amrecieved money todayReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostMarch 7, 2017 at 5:12 pmAll,We
 are strictly enforcing our 2 week rule. If your last order was after
2/20/17 we will NOT sell you any cash this week. We are running low on
cash and we feel it should go to new buyers.BladeBuy Real MoneyReplytucomcarryMarch 7, 2017 at 4:58 pmJust placed my order for the $10,000 package. I’m very happy I got my order in before Blade ran out of USDReplyObserverMarch 7, 2017 at 11:30 amI
 just realized that the other cash is king has the same comments as this
 site from June 29, 2016 at 11:54 pm to October 28, 2016 at 8:18 pm but
are upside down. And if you want to make another comment doesn’t let you
 do it.ReplyKpopMarch 7, 2017 at 10:54 amWell done Blade and team !!ReplyPacManMarch 7, 2017 at 10:53 amMy mates used your service before and suggested I order. Order received this afternoon. £20 notes.ReplyJLOMarch 7, 2017 at 5:20 amWill Try it soon, still don`t know what to think about it.Can`t find German reviewsReplyCNMarch 6, 2017 at 11:06 pmNice work Buy Real Money. I got cash and a free DVD. I think I will go ahead and microwave some popcorn.ReplyBizTwiggyMarch 6, 2017 at 10:22 pmGot
 off of work came home and there was a box in front of my door. I just
glad it wasn’t stolen. I think I need to send my shipments somewhere
else a little more secure. My neighborhood has had quite of few
deliveries stolen from peoples front porch.ReplyDazedMarch 6, 2017 at 9:55 pmAnonomous V, who the fuck would complain about getting cheap cash??ReplydamoneyMarch 6, 2017 at 9:36 pmBlade get at me Damoney24.1 emails trying to place a orderReplyDonkey ShowMarch 6, 2017 at 7:53 pmI
 just placed my order for the $25,000 package today. I asked about the
cash shortage. Blade said that its looking like they will probably will
run out thurs/fri. Glad I got my order in.I would fucking hate to have
my BTC ready to buy and have to wait 2-4 weeks for more inventory. Fuck
that.ReplyAnonomous VMarch 6, 2017 at 6:56 pmHow are there no negative comments here?ReplyFirst timerMarch 6, 2017 at 5:38 pmHi there,I just wanted to know if anyone in Canada has placed an order?If so, were there any issues?Im a first time buyer..ReplyOld cat womanMarch 6, 2017 at 4:49 pmLooks like my 2-3 day shipping took 4 days. Oh well. Im not mad but i wanted my cash sooner.ReplySnakeFistMarch 6, 2017 at 4:15 pmDelivery is here! Thank youReply??March 6, 2017 at 3:32 pmBlade I was curious how you would get this much cash to me. Now I know. Thanks for the VCR.ReplyzerozeroeightnineMarch 6, 2017 at 3:26 pmTo:
 Ask my SelfI get my shipments sent to one of those businesses that take
 mail for small home based businesses. I use one of the business name
and tell the girl at the front desk I am with the company. There is so
much traffic there they never catch on. When I sign I scribble gibberish
 so no one can tell what name is written on their. Even if they did I
made it up.ReplyThepunisher117March 6, 2017 at 3:22 pmThis shit is better than counterfeit !ReplyhellodarklingMarch 6, 2017 at 3:08 pmI
 had not heard anything from Blade and his team for almost a week. I
thought for sure I was scammed. The box arrived a few minutes ago and I
am so surprised. I cant believe it.This forum isnt letting me post a
picture but maybe i’ll email ace one? I’m sorry I doubted you guys. You
came through.Replyblu_mcMarch 6, 2017 at 3:03 pmTYReplyNablus333March 6, 2017 at 2:37 pmBuy Real Money comes through again. Thx BladeReplyM ThatcherMarch 6, 2017 at 2:09 pm£5000 all £20 notes arrived in a childs toy package. The notes are confirmed real.We will be doing business again.CheersMReplyDesperateMarch 6, 2017 at 2:05 pmDamn,
 looks like lots of people are getting their cash today. No wonder why
they are low on inventory. FUCK… I have to wait until Wednesday. I cant
wait !Spend wisely my friends…spend wisely.ReplyPeteMarch 6, 2017 at 1:51 pmCash Arrived !!!! So excited. Thanks BladeReplyPotty MouthMarch 6, 2017 at 12:20 pmProduct is as described. On time delivery. Very good stealth.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostMarch 6, 2017 at 12:16 pmAll-We
 have a shortage of USD and EURO right now. We’re working on
replenishing our inventory but we might run out of both products later
this week. We’ll keep you posted, order while you can.BladeBuy Real MoneyReplyask toMarch 6, 2017 at 12:15 pm1011011,
 you say that the fake site is a setup by US law enforcement, you bought
 money from them?, what happen?, they came for you or how do you know?
thanks.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostMarch 6, 2017 at 12:15 pmBlack
 Dildo – We accidentally sent you $10,000 for your last order instead of
 the $5,000 you paid for and ordered. Then you get mad at us for
shorting you $500 on your next $10,000 order? Go fuck yourself man,
maybe try out shoving a dildo up your own ass to see how it feels. I
don’t know why everyone seems so fascinated with ass holes now
days.BladeReplySha'NiquinMarch 6, 2017 at 6:44 amLol I’ve never been shorted, been ordering since august. Sometimes i even get a few hundred extra. Sucks to be you man.ReplyBLACK DILDOMarch 5, 2017 at 11:43 pmWHAT
 THE FUCK ACE?!? I ORDERED THE $10,000 PACKAGE AND YOU SHORTED ME $500!?
 MOTHER DAMNIT FUCKING FUCKER. DO YOU THINK THIS IS A FUCKING GAME? I
NEED THAT $500! ONLY GETTING $9,500 IS UNACCEPTABLE. I HOPE SOMEONE
SHOVES BIG BLACK DILDO UP YOUR ASSReplyJohnny CageMarch 5, 2017 at 3:38 pmOK
 Blade its been two weeks since I received my last order. I am putting
in for my second order. This time I am going for $50,000.Will I still
get my cash like last time within 2-3 days?ReplyTrekkerMarch 5, 2017 at 1:02 pmBlade
 looks like some bad press is out there. I thought I would give a shout
out and thank you for all you are doing. Many of us would never had this
 much cash without you. Dont pay attention to all the BS and keep
shipping the cash. It makes a difference.ReplyMendelMarch 5, 2017 at 12:55 pmVielen dank für den Euro . Ich werde wieder bestellen.ReplyAdmin MasterMarch 5, 2017 at 10:42 amI
 use my address and my name for my shipments. I have never have had a
problem. I have placed 3 orders with Blade and they arrived with no
issues.You know how much drugs are sent through the mail system
everyday? I wouldn’t worry about it. Plus, if you are that worried about
 shipping illegal goods then maybe the dark web is not a place for you.ReplyHungoverMarch 5, 2017 at 9:50 amWow
 was reading some of the comments here. Interesting stuff. Blade, you
got my respect. I took 10,000 and went to the casino last night and had a
 blast. I didnt quite double by money but close.I am looking forward to
placing my next order. BTW I enjoyed my new Titanic DVD. Its even better
 when their is a few thousand dollars inside.ReplyPeterMarch 5, 2017 at 3:01 amHow is tracking provided when it could be traced back to you?I’m just trying to figure out how legit this is.Thank youReplyDJMMarch 4, 2017 at 4:08 pmIs there a way to buy less cash, like 150$? I am broke and currently have only 50$ in the bank so I can spend about 20$ReplySuperSammyMarch 4, 2017 at 3:27 pmWell this is it! A few more coin and I’m taking the plunge.ReplyNo ProblemMarch 3, 2017 at 10:33 pmI have been using my home address since November. No problems.ReplysawyerMarch 3, 2017 at 7:31 pmso cool american money :$$ReplyAsk My selfMarch 3, 2017 at 5:47 pmTo
 ask for a shipment, I have to give you a name and an adress. How do I
know, if you don´t sell the adress to another criminal group here in
Mexico, to see if I am rich and/or do something to me?. or you are the
police in order to seek people?ReplyPeteMarch 3, 2017 at 2:15 pmLooks
 like they are processing packages now. Just got my tracking number. Its
 scheduled for Monday arrival. I wish it was Monday already.ReplyHappyMillennialMarch 3, 2017 at 2:11 pmBernie
 E.J.First off, Technically, ACE and his crew are saving money that is
about to be destroyed so that it can go back into the economy, get
taxed, and that tax money goes to pay your social security. So
technically ACE and the CiK crew are doing the economy a favor by
keeping thisperfectly good money in ciruclation.Second of all, If the
‘White Knights’ at the govornment could crack down on on ACE and crew,
he would be long gone and the site would be history.Third, thanks for
proving every sterotype we melienals have about old people. That you are
 old, cranky, profane, and you blame my gereration for all of your
problems.Thanks for proving me right 🙂BTW, my generation has made more
progress in our lifetime then just about every generation before us 🙂ReplyHappy FridayMarch 3, 2017 at 12:40 pmGetting ready to go to work and just got my package. Fantastic Friday $5,000 in my pocket!Thank youReplyBernie E.J.March 3, 2017 at 11:54 amYou
 mellennials dont know shit from Shinola.Young men – do yourself a favor
 and find a women with an ass like a young mule. That way you know she
will work hard and be able to birth appropriate quantities of childrenReplyBernie E.J.March 3, 2017 at 9:55 amAnd
 one more thing –Every single millennial is a walking petri dish full of
 S-T-D Infections and viruses. God invented S-T-D’s to kill off blacks,
gays and fucking millennials. The world would be better off if society
stopped advancing around 1960 if you ask me.ReplyBernie E.J.March 3, 2017 at 2:57 amI
 BUILT AMERICA. YOU MELLENNIALS ARE RUINING THE AMERICA I
BUILT.Millennials don’t know anything about politics, money, Oppose
vaccinations, lazy & selfish.I paid into social security and deserve
 to live off it for the rest of my god damn life. Don’t you jackass
Millennials ruin it for me by buying stolen cash from ACE. The
government White Knights will throw him in jail for reformation anytime
now. He will come out of jail a Christian man, reformed, and contribute
to society by working at Mcdonalds or Burger King.Replymedicine0967March 3, 2017 at 1:51 amyippeee got some cash loot!ReplyAdmiralGuyMarch 3, 2017 at 1:31 amHave
 a 7 day quote for an Elite ($25,000) but might go for the master
($50,000) either way… I am going to be real happy real quick!ReplyLacietightMarch 2, 2017 at 8:36 pm@GhostSec03Fuck
 man i’ve been there. sometimes i have to remind myself the darknet isnt
 like ordering off ebay or etsy. Hang in there give the cash a big lick
for me when you get it.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostMarch 2, 2017 at 11:55 amAll
 – Thanks for all your support!Bananapower123 – Yes it is very easy to
exchange Euro to Swiss francsAnonymous – No cash for porn trades
sorry.So one of you listed your shipping address as FBI headquarters
(935 Pennsylvania Ave NWWashington, DC 20535). I don’t know if it was a
joke or for real but fuck you, we aren’t shipping it and we’re keeping
your BTC. This is the first package not shipped in 2017, and it was
fully intentional.BladeBuy Real MoneyReplyAnonymousMarch 2, 2017 at 11:16 amI
 put $1,000 into the offerings tray at church. Everyone saw how much I
put in and they got to know I such a good person.I’m gonna keep putting
$1,000 into the offerings tray each week until I am 100% sure everyone
knows how good I am. Then I’m gonna finger-bang my neighbors wife.ReplyBananapower123March 2, 2017 at 11:11 amQUESTIONHey
 ace and the community , just have a question,I live in France just
across border of Switzerland.Do you think I can change Euro cash to
Swiss francs at the Currency exchange office.For example changing 500
Euro (max) to Swiss francs (for not getting attention).Because I’m only
16!!!!!ThanksReplySkrillixBmeMarch 2, 2017 at 5:22 amI
 can vouch for these guys. They are the real deal and are nasty
motherfuckers. I don’t think this is their main business but the cash
spends. I don’t give a shit how they get it. I’m a long time customer
and hope to be for a long time to come.ReplyAbdel MMarch 2, 2017 at 4:19 amWe love you in Europe Blade !! You are the best deal for Euros on darknet.ReplyEasy StreetMarch 2, 2017 at 3:48 amI
 used to work with counterfeit currency, but now with Buy Real Money I can
get the real stuff minus the risk.I might be in the minority, but I hope
 people read those fake negative reviews and stay away from here. The
less people who know about it the more cash that’s available for me to
order.ReplyAnonymous 111March 2, 2017 at 2:19 amI been ordering now for about 2 months and I agree these guys rock !!!ReplyM4SK1337March 2, 2017 at 2:01 amWell said Neo. Blade and the team are doing great work.ReplyNeo6743March 2, 2017 at 12:34 amI
 am a regular customer here and now get regular shipments every two
weeks. It has changed my life.The real scammers are the government. Many
 countries used to be on the gold standard. Meaning for every dollar
printed the government held one dollar worth of gold in its reserve. Now
 the government doesn’t use that standard and they just print money with
 nothing backing it. A dollar bill is worth a dollar only because the
government says it is.Guys like Buy Real Money are fucking around with
their system. I am sure they are going after them with everything they
got with fake reviews and DOS attacks etc. Of course they cant find them
 via tor so they do the next best thing and try to scare people into not
 buying the pre shred cash.Look people the government has fucked us over
 and big banks and greedy politicians have taken over by tweaking the
system in their favor. The team at NewMoney has evened the score and
let us have our money back. The money belongs to the people. Plus, you
could make much better use of the money than your government.Just my two
 cents for what its worth.ReplybigboiMarch 1, 2017 at 8:22 pmluna8
 I saw the same reviews. I still jumped in and ordered a couple days
ago. Got my package this afternoon. It was pretty fast. So I’m not sure
what the negative reviews are from. I know Blade has said the government
 posts negative reviews in hopes of stopping people from buying the
stolen cash. It makes sense to me. The government does some fucked up
shit.Replyluna8March 1, 2017 at 6:18 pmthining – yes, that was my question, i read on forums that this is fake.. i dont knowReplyDiamond DMarch 1, 2017 at 5:00 pmThank you. I love this cash. Don’t stop.ReplyPiconMarch 1, 2017 at 4:50 pmDudeI give them my real address and a bull shit name. I have never had any issues. Delivery comes every time.ReplyAnonymousMarch 1, 2017 at 4:12 pmI
 am ending my freshman year in college so I dont have much money. But I
can send you naked pictures of myself that would make you cum so hard
you would sign like Celine Dion. Let me take care of your desires my
little meat Popsicle 😛ReplyDudeMarch 1, 2017 at 4:09 pmA
 question to the people who bought money from this site, what name and
address do you give them so that you got the money, the real, the fake
or What?Replypink methMarch 1, 2017 at 2:16 pm@
 Revenge with MoneyYour thinking of the website called >PinkMeth<
it was a porn revenge website. Guys would post pictures of their
X-girlfriends they wanted revenge on to the website. What was fucked up
is they included the girl’s real name and real address with the naked
photos. A few girls committed suicide because they were listed on it.
The FBI took it down.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostMarch 1, 2017 at 1:28 pmWhat
 do you newbies want us to do to prove we’re legit? Show up at your
doorstep and show you a bag full of $1mil cash? We’re on TOR evading the
 FED, we aren’t selling chocolate covered caramels door to door.You need
 to decide if you want to keep living in your dads basement listening to
 him fuck a girl younger than you are. Or >roll the dice< on a
proven dark net opportunity to break out of the >rat
race<.ACEBuy Real MoneyReplynigbonceMarch 1, 2017 at 1:26 pmgot the cashola:)ReplyBladelineMarch 1, 2017 at 11:51 amL’euro est parfait et je l’aime. Ma mère n’aime pas que j’aime l’argentChacun voit midi à sa porteReplyThinkingMarch 1, 2017 at 11:31 amI think luna8 is asking if this is a scam for us, not for the goverment.ReplyObi WanMarch 1, 2017 at 11:04 amFast shipper cash arrived as promised. Will do business again.ReplyChicks Love CashMarch 1, 2017 at 10:49 amHey
 Revenge I was reading your post and laughed my ass off. I am in the
same situation or similar. Its amazing how much pussy will come crawling
 your way when you have cash. Before CK I got very little action, now
this shit is off the chain !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!ReplyWouterMarch 1, 2017 at 10:47 amMany thanks Blade. Euro arrived.Wouter from BelgiumReplyAnonymousMarch 1, 2017 at 10:33 amluna8
 are you asking if they are scamming the government? Yes they are
fucking/scamming/screwing the government badly. Call it whatever you
want. They aren’t your neighbor punks stealing letters from mailbox’s,
this is high end shit.Replyluna8March 1, 2017 at 10:29 amIs this a scam? can somebody tell me is it or is it not?ReplyWHISKY MAN!March 1, 2017 at 8:50 amI’ve
 always wanted to buy a barrel of Jack Daniels. With this cash I took a
few days off work, drove to Lynchburg TN, tasted several barrels until I
 found the one I liked the best. Great experience.All together it cost
me $13,500. So all the Whisky was emptied into 750 ML bottles. I hoped
to get the whisky in the barrel to take home, not so. I also got a
framed certificate signed by the Master Distiller, a plaque, Crystal
decanter, and other little things.ReplyRevenge with MoneyMarch 1, 2017 at 8:14 amCheck
 this out brotha’sMy bitch dumped me for some fucker with a trendy
haircut and jeans with a logo on the pocket. I’m been pissed about it
like a monkey with with a pine-cone up its butt. I came to the darknet
to post all the naked pictures I have of her for revenge, isn’t there a
website you can do that? I couldnt find that website but I found Cash is
 King.I’ve been ordering a lot of cash and living like a fucking king.
So get this brotha’s she comes back to me because everyone know’s I have
 tons of money now. She wanted to get back together. fuck that I told
her, I told her that I have enough money to get a woman with a firm butt
 and better tits than hers. Nice huh? I offered her $1,000 to let me
fuck her one last time but she said no. bitch doesnt know what’s good
for her.ReplyAdamKnowsEverythingMarch 1, 2017 at 7:53 amI
 always thought this was too good to be true but then I thought >what
 the hell I’ll give it a shot<, ordered the rookie and it arrived
2/28/17. I was expecting to get ripped off somehow with counterfeit or
something. But all $2,500 of the cash is legit. Happily surprised glad I
 took a chance. Now I have to wait to order my next package… fuckReplyLuna333666March 1, 2017 at 2:43 amSooooo
 im really interested in this. But i have nooooo idea how to purchase, i
 dont know how to convert USD into bitcoins. Can anyone help?ALSO, is it
 safe to use a fake yahoo email to contact?ReplytreFebruary 28, 2017 at 6:30 pmniceReplyBit Coin LoverFebruary 28, 2017 at 4:40 pmSo
 glad I saved my coin they have gone up in value so much that your shit
is dirt cheap now. DONT GET GREEDY and raise the prices.Word is you guys
 are looking to increase the package costs starting in March is that
true?ReplyWhere is My Shit ???????????February 28, 2017 at 4:04 pmBladeFor
 whatever reason you sent my shipment with UPS. My past shipments you
used USPS. Why the change?I wasn’t home and they left a note on the door
 that I have to go pick it up at the local UPS store? Should I get it?
Is it safe?Please do not ship my stuff with UPS in the future. Its too
much hassle.ReplyDanixFebruary 28, 2017 at 3:15 pmBlade
 the package FINALLY arrived and it was all wet with dog piss. I am
gonna kill my neighbors dog. It seems he missed the cash thank god.ReplyVladFebruary 28, 2017 at 11:43 amI
 Received my second shipment from Blade in Russia. Buy Real Money is the
best place on the dark web. I will do make additional orders soon.ReplyHardBoy1994February 28, 2017 at 10:01 amI
 love this cash and I have done so much with it. Last night I paid the
most beautiful man with the most ripped body for some of the best sex
ever. He sucked he off like no other.Yes I am gay, deal with it and
don’t judge me, if you are here then you are looking for stolen cash too
 !ReplyPiss PoorFebruary 27, 2017 at 9:31 pmPackage was at my front door today. $1,300 in twenty dollar bills. Some of them are old and torn. I though you filter these out?Reply:)February 27, 2017 at 5:32 pmYippy its here. Will do business again.ReplybigboiFebruary 27, 2017 at 4:49 pmabout to buy starter pack to see if this is real with let you know when arrivesReplyOldgoatFebruary 27, 2017 at 1:22 pmBlade
 I have the Elite 25k package. Which I have to say nice job on the
stealth shipping very unique. It looks like a few thousand of the bills
are marked up and torn pretty bad. Will you replace these? What steps do
 I need to take?I can send you my btc tx number if you need it.ReplyPNasty69February 27, 2017 at 9:15 amHey
 Pregunton I am a US expat living in Mexico. I have done a few orders
with Buy Real Money and shipping to Mexico was never an issue. I have a
dollar denominated account but I deposit the cash and had no issues.I
dont believe Buy Real Money has pesos but you should have no problems
exchanging the pre shred dollars for pesos at the bank.ReplyldvsmFebruary 26, 2017 at 2:08 pmOK
 Blade I have set up a my new household budget now that I am on the
regular bi-weekly shipment list. Each shipment is 5,000 so my spending
money is as follows.Monday – Thursday $250 per dayFriday, Sat, Sun $500
per dayThanks to you and the team Blade I can now put my entire paycheck
 (minus your fee) in savings. This is more money than I have ever had.
Its weird to get used to.ReplyPreguntonFebruary 26, 2017 at 1:39 pmMexican PesosReplyFuck The US GOVERNMENTFebruary 26, 2017 at 3:04 amBladeIts
 Diablo666, as you know I have been a long time customer. I have posted
some reviews about my experience with Buy Real Money . Now I am seeing
several of these posts around the dark net and clear net have been
changed to negative reviews.I did some investigative work, as you know
some of my background, and found that in every case they all trace back
to either US Secret Service and Department of Homeland Security. So
basically the US government is changing and posting fake negative
reviews about Buy Real Money .These guys are serious about taking you down.
 Fight the power Blade !!ReplyPryiaFebruary 25, 2017 at 5:51 pmI have the euros you mailed. I thought I bought fake euros, but these are real.ReplyFYIFebruary 25, 2017 at 12:02 pmFYI – the bottom of the FAQ section has a different email than the rest of the siteReplyCivilizedJohnnyFebruary 24, 2017 at 10:26 pmBlade you are one of the best vendors on the dark net.Now the fun part is figuring out how to spend $10,000.ReplyYoFebruary 24, 2017 at 5:41 pmProfessor of CriminologyCalumet College of Saint JosephWhat Product Type your student bought?ReplyPeterFebruary 24, 2017 at 5:10 pmFast shipping and good product. Excellent customer serviceReplyDeezNutsFebruary 24, 2017 at 4:22 pmWazz up niggas just got my cash and its soooooo nice.Blade u a player!Reply777February 24, 2017 at 3:01 pmBlade you came through again brother. My 10k arrived today and looks good. Tonight is the big night at the poker tables.ReplyFPOT1982February 24, 2017 at 1:20 pmCheers
 BladeTwo weeks have past since I received my Starter Package. Now that I
 see the cash is real I want to place a larger order. How do you ship
25,000 GBP if they are all 20’s? That is over 1,250 20 pound notes?
Curious as I need to know how the package would arrive.ReplyAfnan KFebruary 24, 2017 at 11:45 amThe product arrived as described. Shipment arrived in timely manner. A+++++ vendor. I will be ordering again soon.ReplyAnonymousFebruary 24, 2017 at 11:29 amHello
 Blade,One of my students (Who will remain nameless) has been ordering
from you and told me about your operation. I am a criminology professor,
 would you be willing to do an interview? I sent you an email but havent
 gotten a response yet. It would mean a great deal if you would be
respond to all the questions I emailed you.Professor of
CriminologyCalumet College of Saint JosephReplyJMFebruary 24, 2017 at 11:28 amAnyone from Asia?ReplyTimothy GFebruary 24, 2017 at 10:30 amHello
 Mr. Blade,Could you please not send the cash inside pornographic DVD’s
please? My wife opens our cash packages and you have offended her. I
appreciate the cash, but be tasteful with how you send it.Timothy
GGentleman & ScholarReplyKa boom Mo FoFebruary 24, 2017 at 9:29 amI
 told my room mates I found my $10,000 on the side of the road. Now one
of them is demanding I report the cash to the police, he’s a real
hypocritical religious type. My advice, dont show anyone the moneyReplyogizzleFebruary 24, 2017 at 5:36 amcant wait yo orderReplyagent dumbassFebruary 24, 2017 at 1:52 amATTN.
 AGENT DUPONT,I AM A HIGH RANKING FBI AGENT,THANK YOU VERY MUCH.NSA?
,YOU AND YOUR NO STRINGS ATTACHED THREATS AND BEAVER ABUSING BUDDYS NEED
 TO KNOW YOUR PLACE,AND THATS AND MY PLACE FOR ONE HELLAVA PARTY YHAT IM
 THROWIN WITH ALL THIS CASH..ReplyVFebruary 23, 2017 at 11:11 pmPackaging was a little beat up… Also came late… Other than that it was a perfect shipment.ReplyCocaineFebruary 23, 2017 at 4:53 pmCan someone help me with the pricing of the packages?What are the prices in bitcoins, due to the changing of their value.ReplyBig DFebruary 23, 2017 at 2:17 pmYou
 the man Blade !! I took your advice on moving the cash without raising
any flags and I just bought my girl a new Toyota Corolla. I had no
problems at all.ReplyDaddys GirlFebruary 23, 2017 at 1:27 pmI
 have my shipment but about $1,200 worth of 100s have cocaine on them.
You can tell someone was doing lines with the bills. It is kind of
nasty. Could you please clean the cash before you send it?ReplyOMGFebruary 23, 2017 at 1:14 pmI got a package from Amazon with a birthday present inside. Surprise its my cash. 2 days late, but its here.TYReplyBryanFebruary 23, 2017 at 11:07 amThis
 was my first purchase with Buy Real Money . I bought the Elite $25,000
package. Since it was my first transaction I used escrow.Process went
smoothly from the time of order and deposit with escrow company. It took
 4 days to receive the cash. Cash was in 20s, 50s, and 100s . Packaging
was secure and cash well hidden.I will be ordering again.Thank you.ReplyPierre De France SudFebruary 23, 2017 at 3:10 amBladeI received Silver package. I want to use the money at a casino. Is it safe to do that?ReplyPDaddyFebruary 22, 2017 at 5:28 pmBlade, I got my package. Its beat up pretty bad, but your packaging concealed the cash really well. Nice job.ReplyBiG Money March MaddnessFebruary 22, 2017 at 1:12 pmGetting
 my tax return in a couple of weeks then I am going for the 50,000. 2017
 is going to be the best year ever. So far got $8,800 from CK. After my
50k next month I am done working for the year.ReplyPriumpFebruary 22, 2017 at 12:25 pmOOOOOh my GAWWWD. It came in!!! Forget Buy Real Money. Cash is prince. ACE you’re King!! Thank you BRO!!ReplyI must knowFebruary 22, 2017 at 11:03 amTo
 buy from you, I have to give a name and an address, how do I know that
after you do not come to extort money from me or do something bad to me?ReplyPZAT4MEFebruary 22, 2017 at 8:08 amNeo
 I get a tracking number for every shipment I ordered and never get
overnight. I assume every order gets one, but Blade would have to
confirm that.ReplydougieFebruary 22, 2017 at 5:54 amJust put in my first order. Let y’all know how it goesReplyNeoFebruary 22, 2017 at 5:33 amWhat
 size order would one have to place to get tracking confirmation? Would
one have to order overnight shipping for tracking info?ReplyBJFebruary 21, 2017 at 2:13 pmNew customer first order. Received 2 days late but other than that delivers what is promised.ReplyVYPRXXXFebruary 21, 2017 at 12:56 pmCash received. A+ VendorReplySloooooooooooooowFebruary 21, 2017 at 11:11 am6 Days Blade! I paid for overnight and it took 6 days to get my Elite Package. What the hell is going on?ReplyAgent DupontFebruary 21, 2017 at 9:55 amHello
 Agent Dumbass,I know everyone at the NSA I think your a fake. Be warned
 I am trained in both karate combat and hacking combat. I could probably
 beat a ninja and a hacker at the exact same time. Watch out mother
fucker i’m the real Chuck Norris of the world.Every time I beat the shit
 out of someone I put a notch in by bed post. I have so many notches the
 post looks like a beaver chewed on it. Watch your back bro.Agent
DupontNSA Combat/IT AgentReplyP90xFebruary 21, 2017 at 6:58 amiholgluReplyagent dumbassFebruary 21, 2017 at 4:42 amHey agent dupont,come on, spell check your self before….uhhh… what ….was I talking about?ReplyWTF Package?February 21, 2017 at 4:06 amMy
 cash came inside an amazon.com box? That happen for anyone else? It
confused me until I opened it because I didn’t make an orders from
amazon. Well packaged though Blade. Thank you! I’m $5,000 richer!ReplyGrimm’s fairyFebruary 21, 2017 at 2:20 amSo
 I ordered cash all in $20 bills. Then I went to the gay club and put
$20’s in guys pants, just barely far enough for the $20’s to stay. One
guy liked it and we did some Cottaging, if you know what I mean;)ReplyBig jakeFebruary 21, 2017 at 2:08 amGonna try this outReplyJohnny CageFebruary 20, 2017 at 10:35 pmCommon
 Blade waive the 2 week rule. I need more cash. I spent it all already.
You can make an exception cant you.Plus I am seeing all kindsof negative
 reviews on the web. I guess the Fed is pumping out fake news like
crazy. They cant stop you. I hope it keeps people away. More cash for
me.At least let me do $2500 now, PLEASE !ReplyPillsberry DBFebruary 20, 2017 at 9:04 pmCheers
 Blade. GBP is fantastic. Deposited half in the bank and kept the other
half as spending money. I will be ordering again soon.ReplyAFebruary 20, 2017 at 8:55 pmThis
 shit looks legit. I’m looking forward to becoming a regular
customer.Can I email you with a clearnet email? Or should I make one on
the deep web.ReplyMoneyhoneyyFebruary 20, 2017 at 3:54 pmI made my order now ,will update everybody.Impatient to recieve it !!!!ReplyHolidayFebruary 20, 2017 at 10:05 amIts
 Presidents Day in the US. I love to celebrate it because since I have
known Buy Real Money and Blade I have lot of pictures of presidents that I
can spend on whatever I want.Keep up the fight Blade and keep that cash
coming!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostFebruary 20, 2017 at 9:22 amAll,Kick
 off your Tax Return season with a bang by buying our cash and fucking
the Government. As a friendly reminder we have no Euro shipments on
2/22/2017.ACEBuy Real MoneyReplyAgent DupontFebruary 20, 2017 at 8:14 amI’m
 from the Nationel Secuiety Agency. I sent you an email. Send me $10,000
 USD or I will bust up your shit. We know everything including what you
ate for dinner last night faggots. We have your house bugged with
cameras.Agent DupontNationel Secuiety AgencyReplyMr. AndersonFebruary 20, 2017 at 6:12 amThis
 is great! How long is this gonna last? Blade, do you guys have enough
stocked for the long haul or is there a steady supply stream for the
long haul?ReplyprovokeFebruary 19, 2017 at 10:08 pmTrying this out ,game changer !!?ReplyJohnny CageFebruary 19, 2017 at 8:32 pmBlade
 I am begging you to please lift the 2 week rule. I never knew I could
spend 10 grand in a few days. I need more cash.PLEASE !!!ReplyBillyFebruary 19, 2017 at 3:57 pmWish there were cheaper optionsReplyAnonFebruary 19, 2017 at 6:27 amGreatReplyPakManFebruary 18, 2017 at 9:46 pm5,000
 Cold Hard Cash…. Its more than I make in a month. Ordered Monday
arrived Thursday. Cash was inside a child’s toy. Very sneaky. Thanks
Blade and team.ReplyBling JFebruary 18, 2017 at 6:36 pmWent
 to Best Buy and bought a 70 inch SUHD TV, Bose Home Theatre, and the
new Xbox One S. Paid all cash thanks to Buy Real Money . No problems. Clerk
 counted the cash, used a counterfeit pen, thanked me and told me to
have a nice day.This is unreal !!!!!!!!Reply40ozAllDayFebruary 18, 2017 at 4:18 pmAre
 you keeping the protonmail email address or are you planning on
changing emails again?And does protonmail accept emails from clear
net?If youre real I want to be a regular customer!Replyeskimodave123123February 18, 2017 at 3:42 amis this real?ReplybobleeeFebruary 18, 2017 at 3:26 amim very skeptical of this but fuck me i want to do it just to seeReplyexcited!February 17, 2017 at 7:14 pmlook
 forward to placing an order as soon as i can, probably early next week.
 when I get the money I’ll probably be placing another one soon after,
to.ReplyITS HERE! !!!!February 17, 2017 at 4:53 pmMail
 man brought the package this afternoon. The box was marked from Amazon
so at first I was a little confused. Inside was a Mr. Potato Head Doll
and the cash was inside him. Very nice. TY BladeReplyBoredFebruary 17, 2017 at 12:57 pmMom
 wants me to get a job i told her to mind her own fucking business. I
opened my box from Blade last night threw the money on the bed of blew a
 load all over it.Anybody want some cash?ReplyDan AFebruary 17, 2017 at 12:54 pmJust
 FYI from anyone considering buying from Canada. All 10,000 USD arrived
by post. No issues. I actually found one 20 UK pound note in my stack.
No worries. I think I frame it.ReplyMichael KnightFebruary 17, 2017 at 11:33 amI
 was nervous because of all the email issues but cash arrived this
morning via Federal Express looks like about half in twenties and the
other in hundreds.Reply?????February 17, 2017 at 10:52 amBlade
 fucked me on my last shipment and shorted me $30. I will bitch when
necessary but I will also praise when warranted. Blade made good with
the missing $30 out my $5000 and sent me $500 extra for the
trouble.Thanks Blade. I guess your not a dick after all.ReplyP90xFebruary 17, 2017 at 7:14 amHey SeriouslyInterested been a long time customer. These guys are great.ReplyWeed B GoodFebruary 17, 2017 at 3:46 amAnother
 5 grand in my pocket. I didnt know that the old ten dollar bills were
still around. I gave them to my dealer and he didnt care. Smoke it up !ReplyKellyFebruary 16, 2017 at 10:49 pmOMG Blade Thank You !! Got our cash today. This will help a lot. Once we get our tax return I will buy again.ReplybillsonateFebruary 16, 2017 at 8:32 pmSeriouslyInterested
 I was questioning if this was real also. I did my first order in mid
Novemeber. Buy Real Money delivers. Cash is real, but a little beat up. It
is still spendable. Most of the time cash comes in DVD’s with sealed
bags inside. Its good stealth.Just my 2 cents. Enjoy.ReplySeriouslyInterestedFebruary 16, 2017 at 3:18 pmSo, curious if this is legit. I see Blade is the one to talk to. anyone able to prove this legit?ReplyInterested.February 16, 2017 at 3:13 pmDo you accept escrow?ReplydexfromhollandFebruary 16, 2017 at 2:26 pmace do you forsee any issue with euros? I ordered my third 10.000 euro package. I am happy that email is working again.Replygo fuck yourself.February 16, 2017 at 1:15 pmYou
 motherfucker, you’re a total piece of shit.You always send my friend
extra cash. I have never fucking gotten extra cash. My friend said its
because I’m a wetback Mexican. Is that fucking true?ReplyBuy Real MoneyPost authorFebruary 16, 2017 at 10:06 amAll,Mail2Tor
 has not been working well for our operation and for our clients. Please
 use this email for all future communications: MoneyMafia@mailbox.orgWe
do not suggest using >Mail2Tor< and we are sorry if your emails or
 our responses didnt go through.Please do your own research on who to
use as your new email provider. Your responsible for your own security
and we would prefer not making recommendations. Blade Buy Real MoneyReplyBadBoyFebruary 16, 2017 at 2:29 amNo One replied to the emails I sent. How do I get In touch ?Replycahn supenuseponeFebruary 15, 2017 at 4:50 pmHi
 Blade,How often do you guys reply to emails???? I’m eager af to order
but have not received an email back with instructions on how to order.ReplyMoMoney365February 15, 2017 at 3:19 pmHow do I contact you guys?ReplyBady Boy13February 15, 2017 at 2:25 pmShipment arrived in a box from Amazon two DVD’s inside, cash was inside DVD’s. Will do business againReplyHoneymoneyy.February 15, 2017 at 10:56 amACE your are the Best man !!!!ReplyThank YouFebruary 15, 2017 at 8:36 amI
 took a girl out from work last night for valentines day. I took her to a
 very expensive restaurant, our bill for the 2 of us was $700. We went
out to some clubs afterwards I paid for a VIP table service and made
sure we was treated like first class. She asked me how I have all this
money.I told her I have a good investment strategy. Oh. and yes I fucked
 her brains out last night. Not bad, since earlier at dinner she said
she never gives it up on the first date. Money really does turn a girl
on !!ReplyTinkerFebruary 14, 2017 at 9:55 pmPaid off credit cards with my cash. Next order will be all profit for me.ReplylyoshaFebruary 14, 2017 at 5:51 pmLooking forward to your reply ordering the 5k pack so exited omg!ReplyAnonymousFebruary 14, 2017 at 3:55 pmI
 ordered the $5,000 USD package, I should have gotten the $10,000
package. Now I have to wait until I can order another one. Its cheaper
to order the bigger packages anywaysReplyVanyaFebruary 14, 2017 at 3:11 pmI ve paid on the 5 th February, got the Euro the 9 th february. Spent half of the 5,000 euro i got so far.ReplyBig DaddyFebruary 14, 2017 at 1:53 pmConfirmed receipt of Elite Package $25,000 all 20’s, 50’s, 100’s. A+ vendorReplyTommyFebruary 14, 2017 at 12:44 pmGlad
 your back Blade. I used to make $10 an hour. Now I make more every 2
weeks than I would over a several month period. Glad to hear the
biweekly packages are on time. I look forward to my 10k every other
Friday.ReplyVanyaFebruary 14, 2017 at 12:27 pmHow often do you reply to emails?ReplyHigh ROllerFebruary 14, 2017 at 8:10 amI
 took the advise of another poster here. I used my cash and went to the
bunny ranch outside of vegas. Lets just say, I had the time of my life. 3
 girls, VIP suite, for 2 days.ReplyPower to The PeopleFebruary 13, 2017 at 5:56 pmSigaint
 down… Fed/NSA trying to keep us down. Aint gonna happen !!! The money
belongs to the people and we are going to keep buying it. Dont stop now
Blade, we love your service and I will keep buying. It has changed my
life and my family.Keep stealing that cash !!! I will be there to buy it
 every time.ReplyMarine357February 13, 2017 at 1:03 pmBitcoin
 bribes and the fucking threat of violence huh? Sounds like my kind of
fun, and the feeling will be mutually expected if these bills are fake.ReplyIGiveOutBJ'sFebruary 13, 2017 at 12:46 pmBlade you are AWESOME! Keep the cash cumming!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostFebruary 13, 2017 at 12:07 pmAll,Sigaint is down, we’re working on a new email address and will post it shortly. Thank you for your patience,ACEBuy Real MoneyReplyJakedelhomeeFebruary 13, 2017 at 6:36 amYes
 guys everybody knows Sigaint is down. It looks like we will just have
to wait for Sigaint to come back up to place more orders. Unless Blade
goes about creating a Torbox email for a little while until Sigaint
comes back up which is what I did. Just be patient everybody, I’m sure
it will come back up soon.Replyconcerned buyerFebruary 13, 2017 at 6:01 amsigaint
 is down, i cant access it at all on the web, is there an alternative
email. can you guys use protonmail or another one of those secure email
services? im dying to buy your product, i want to get a nice dinner,
some hookers, live it up. please help. or if anyone else knows what to
doReplyHELP HELP !!February 13, 2017 at 5:26 amReally
 interested in buying your guys’ product, i have no idea how to email
you guys tho, do it do it thru the cleanet like gmail or do i do some
darkweb thing? i dont wanna make the wrong moveReplyMoneyRunFebruary 12, 2017 at 7:40 pmHello King Blade ,Sigaint server is down…..ReplyFrostinial ShroomeryFebruary 12, 2017 at 5:50 pm……..ReplyAnon76February 12, 2017 at 3:09 pmSigaint server is down, any update?ReplysamurajFebruary 12, 2017 at 2:06 pmHello,
 There is some kind of a problem with Sigaint, how can i communicate
with You guys, I would like to make an order of some eurosReplyTor420February 12, 2017 at 12:29 pmWassup with all the irrelevant reviews about personal shit no one cares about ? Go see Dr philReplypickFebruary 12, 2017 at 11:13 amSo I can’t get onto sigaint to make an email. How do I go about contacting you ??ReplywwerFebruary 12, 2017 at 6:33 amSigaint mail is down. How to contact you?ReplyMysteryman94February 12, 2017 at 2:02 amHey,
 I can’t send you an email to your address Eva use the same website you
use to email im using too they are currently offline. I have a few
questions about the process etc. look forward to hearing from you soon.
-thanksReplyAnonymousFebruary 11, 2017 at 8:23 pmBlade
 I tried putting in a semi pro order but your email bounced back, I’m
sure I’m doing something wrong. How do I contact you properly.ReplyJakeDelhomeeFebruary 11, 2017 at 7:55 pmScrolling
 all the way to the bottom and reading these comments.. man some of
these people are fucking nuts lmao. Anyways, I’m gonna go ahead and
place an order here shortly then get back to you all on how it went.
Thanks Blade.ReplyHK86February 11, 2017 at 5:45 pmsigaint is currently down due to anonymous hack is there another anonymous mail service you’ve got handy for ordering?ReplyseanjeanFebruary 11, 2017 at 5:43 pmanybody
 else having trouble accessing
sigaint????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????ReplyPeekabooFebruary 10, 2017 at 11:57 pmHow fast this comment can show up?ReplyBuy Real MoneyPost authorFebruary 10, 2017 at 3:44 pmJennifer
 – Fuck no. I made a note to send your next package in >Throbin Hood –
 Price of Beaves< or maybe I’ll use penis confetti to pack your cash
in the box? Can you imagine an old lady covered in penis confetti? Send
us a picture of that and i’ll give you 50% off your next purchase, no
joke. this is serious shit.BladeBuy Real MoneyReplyJennifer ReynosoFebruary 10, 2017 at 3:37 pmHello
 Blade,I represent the >Doctors without Boarders< foundation. We
think it would be really wonderful if you were able to make some
donations to our charity. One of our managers has been ordering from you
 and vouched for your credibility.We are a charity and would not like to
 be sent the cash inside pornographic magazines or DVD’s. We hope you
can accommodate this special request. Some of the ladies that open our
mail have sensitive dispositions.Feel free to call to discuss.Jennifer
Reynoso, SecretaryDoctors without Boarders333 7th Avenue, 2nd FloorNew
York, NY 10001-5004Phone: 212-679-6800Fax: 212-679-7016ReplyAnonymousFebruary 10, 2017 at 3:24 pmHello
 Blade,I send your BTC yesterday and now I’m eagerly watching the
tracking informationI look forward to my mail next Tuesday. When the
package arrives I send you the picturesBest regards,JonesingReplyAnonymousFebruary 10, 2017 at 1:51 pm????Ya’ll are here talking about hemorrhoids? I’m here to buy more fucking cash. Shut up about your assholes.ReplytreekillaFebruary 10, 2017 at 12:16 pmyall for real?Replytough loveFebruary 10, 2017 at 11:35 amLol good story. I once put some hemorrhoid cream in my ex-girlfriends lip gloss.ReplyhemorrhoidsFebruary 10, 2017 at 10:40 amWith
 this cash I’m finally able to fully treat my anal leaking and
Hemorrrhoid problem. I’ll tell you all a little story….>This is my
finger,< says Dr. Brandeis. I ask him, giggling, if he’s at least
going to take me to dinner first. And then, abruptly, I stop laughing.
His finger is in my ass. This happened yesterday. not fun at all.I sleep
 with a folded-up toilet paper against my butthole. I remove the paper
seconds before sex.One time a girl spotted it on the floor. >Ew,
gross,< she said. >What’s that?< Poker face. >Oh, nothing. I
 don’t know.< What I didn’t say: >That’s a tissue covered in anal
mucus and blood. Want to sniff?<ReplyganggeneralFebruary 10, 2017 at 10:19 amSend
 payment today.I hope everything will be as its written here.I will
update to let know people like me who work hard for the bread and
scarred about his last money.ReplyThe Piano ManFebruary 10, 2017 at 9:43 amI’ve
 ordered alot of cash from Blade over the past few months. I really look
 up to the guy, he’s like the criminal father I never had. So I
submitted recordings of my classical piano music to him and he told me
to >fuck that, music is for retards and blind Negros< I thought
Blade was a class act, but I guess he’s just the guy to ask for Cash.
Not interested in the finer things in life.ReplycrocFebruary 10, 2017 at 12:21 amfuuuuukkkk
 yea. Got the cash money. Spending it on high class drugs and whores and
 I ll keep you guys posted on the drug and whore progress…… I’m planning
 on a new whore every night.Replyninja warriorFebruary 9, 2017 at 10:31 pmWhat’s
 up y’all I placed a order for the $25,000 on monday and it just fucking
 came in the mail. And then I came all over the mail also. just jizzed
all over the place.ReplyjayskrillaFebruary 9, 2017 at 7:11 pmttttttttttttteeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssstttttttttttttteeeeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrriiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnoooooooooooooooooReplysteel millFebruary 9, 2017 at 5:33 pmI
 have paid for my package on 31st January and received it 2/3/2017.
$10,000 USD cash. Ordering another package of the same size todayReplyViperFebruary 9, 2017 at 9:02 amThought

 I would pass this along to everyone. I have been ordering fromBuy Real Money
 for a few months and believe it or not I was stumped as tohow to
spend the cash. So I had an idea and it is working very well. Youmay
want to try it.I started lending the money I received from Buy Real Money .
 I started withsome people at the Dog Track and Casino. Then spread the
word aroundsome local bars. I was nervous, but I had customers on the
first day.People need cash. We have a great source of it through
NewMoney.I am getting a vig of 5 points per day. I even hired a guy to
 help me>collect< I am up to 2,000 per week and growing in
addition tomy cash I get from NewMoney every 2 weeks or so.Does anyone
 else have ideas on how to use pre shred cash to make more money???ReplyokhaidereFebruary 9, 2017 at 8:39 amVery happy! Thanks for the cash! More orders soon!ReplyAntonioFebruary 8, 2017 at 5:18 pmBlade,
 I just placed another €5000 order to your email. I will take those €500
 notes before someone else buys them.It has been less than 2 weeks since
 receiving my last order. Please make an exception.ReplyMahieu de FranceFebruary 8, 2017 at 12:09 pmEnglish not very good. Thank you for euros.Je recommande ce marchand.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostFebruary 8, 2017 at 12:08 pmAll,Remember
 we are anticipate a shortage of USD 2/13/2017 – 2/17/2017. We also have
 large amounts of €500 notes, help us get rid of these large
denominations to even out our stock.BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyAnonymousFebruary 8, 2017 at 11:35 amMy mom said I cant go on the darknet any more. Goodbye ace & everyone!ReplyPussy waxFebruary 8, 2017 at 11:20 amJust
 some advice… I ordered $25,000 in $10’s and its a stack almost a foot
long, I would have gotten $20’s or $100’s if I did it againReplyJackpot 777February 8, 2017 at 8:34 amWoop
 Woop !!! Went to casino with my CK cash. Got my chips and played some
major roulette. Took 10k and spent away. Felt good to use $25 and $100
chips. Played the high limit slots $100 for each spin. Hit a mini
jackpot and won $20,000. I laughed my ass off. I just won a ton of cash
using stolen cash.ReplyDieterFebruary 7, 2017 at 10:02 pmIch bestellte die Copper und erhielt euro in Deutschland. Danke. Ich werde wieder bestellen.ReplyEuro BoundFebruary 7, 2017 at 9:19 pmTook
 my cash deposited it at the bank and used my debit card for 2 tickets
from USA to London, hotel and tube passes. My boyfriend and I have never
 been out of the country before. We are excited.The bank had no issues
depositing the money and I had instant access to it through my debit
card. The teller even gave me a lollipop.ReplyiKevinFebruary 7, 2017 at 7:18 pmCash arrived 3 days after ordering. Will do business again.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostFebruary 7, 2017 at 2:04 pm??????Lol
 you have more dick in your personality than you do in your pants. Shame
 your mother didnt swallow you. Does your ass ever get jealous of the
shit that comes out of your mouth?I’ll deliver your $30 myself and I’ll
be your wife’s date to your funeral.ACEBuy Real Money AdminReplyPookieFebruary 7, 2017 at 1:47 pm??????,
 take it easy. You got $4930 and paid a fraction of the price. I’m sure
Blade will make it right.Blade, there is enough cash to go around, isn’t
 there?Reply?????February 7, 2017 at 1:28 pmFUCK
 YOU ACE.. You cheap Shit. Pay some extra money and get your fucking
comments section fixed. Half the time it doesnt work.Yeah and that WATER
 your drinking isnt my tears its my jizz… fucking choke on it like your
mother does.Dont forget my 30 dollars.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostFebruary 7, 2017 at 1:16 pm?????
 – Your pain is making my dick hard with pleasure. I’m imaging the water
 I’m drinking are your tears and they are delicious. I would have no
problem unplugging you from life support to top off the battery on my
iphone.ACEBuy Real Money AdminReply?????February 7, 2017 at 12:57 pmHEY
 ACE YOU FUCKER !!! I did not get any shipping confirmation and its been
 4 days and all of the sudden my package magically arrived this morning
and its 30 dollars short ($4,930) and its was inside a fucking Titanic
DVD. Fuck man, cant you send the cash in new release DVD or BlueRay? YOU
 CHEAP FUCK.. I want my $30 dollars you shorted me.ReplyDark Net MasterFebruary 7, 2017 at 12:25 pmHorses
 are over rated, I bought a motorcycle for $8,000 cash. I didnt have to
file an IRS form 8300 since it was less than $10,000ReplyaeonFebruary 7, 2017 at 12:08 pmOrder
 paid watching tracking info, scheduled to arrive tomorrow via Fedex.
Excited, nervous and grateful. More excited about this cash than a blow
job.Replyhorse ladyFebruary 7, 2017 at 11:02 amI bought a horse.ReplyBaden BoyFebruary 7, 2017 at 9:40 amNow
 days I just sit on my couch and watch TV. I pay cleaners to clean my
apartment. I order fast food for every meal. I literally don’t do a damn
 thing except eat, watch TV and sleep. Thank you Blade for helping me
get to the American Dream of doing nothing.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostFebruary 7, 2017 at 9:21 amAll,We
 had someone try to buy a $20,000 car with cash yesterday. You know who
you are. Dont fucking do that. We are NOT going to get involved in any
investigation. Fuck you and have a nice day,BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyMan BoobsFebruary 7, 2017 at 7:05 amJust watching the tracking info. LMFAO – I check the tracking like every 2-3 minutes.ReplySexy SurferFebruary 7, 2017 at 7:02 amHey
 lil man ace bro –I was short $500 on my $10,000 order. Everything was
fucking awesome. Can you send me the rest? Please bro I need to eat and
put clothes on my back. Just sent you an email about itReplyGang BangerFebruary 7, 2017 at 6:48 amTHIS IS OFF DA HOOK L_E_G_I_T MY NEGROS!ReplyVulcan1988February 7, 2017 at 5:21 amI
 spent almost $10,000 in cash last night and had the time of my life.I
didnt even go to bed yet. I had to post before I crash. Buy Real Money
isawesome. I had my first threesome with 2 really hot strippers, rented
astretched limo, and had my own VIP table service at a real
popularclub.I could do this every night. Buy Real Money I hope you dont run
 out ofcash. I am living like a king. I think I am going to download the
 pic ofthe king from your home page and make it my logo for life.Now Im
going to pass out. Good Night.ReplyyujoewilsonFebruary 7, 2017 at 12:30 amThis is a really good earning.ReplyPJ637February 6, 2017 at 8:31 pmOrdered
 my 3rd 10,000 package. Quit my job. Once I get this round ofcash I will
 have made enough than the entire year. My goal is to get to60k-70k and
go to the Bahamas. Im single. Might as well enjoy life whileIm youngReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostFebruary 6, 2017 at 5:14 pmAll,At
 are anticipating a shortage of USD between 2/13/2017 – 2/17/2017. If
that shortage is significant it will effect the GBP & EURO
availability. We are working to keep this from being a problem but
please make plans in case it is an issue.BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyLimey ChunderFebruary 6, 2017 at 5:46 amThe
 GBP arrived by post through royal mail. I am very pleased with the
time, quality and consideration that went into purducing this productReplyjack jackFebruary 5, 2017 at 12:08 pmShipments
 to Australia always take about 7 days. Got big mobs of USD in the post
the other day. I never got a formal Docket from cash is king but got a
tracking number.ReplyDodgy AberdeenFebruary 5, 2017 at 9:44 amGBP is very crisp and pleasant.-Dodgy AberdeenReplyBC budFebruary 4, 2017 at 6:43 pmHey
 fellow Canadians, USD usually takes 4 days for me just so you know. No
problems with customs. Any Canadians try ordering Euro?ReplyBordeauxFebruary 4, 2017 at 9:11 amBonjour, My last order was in november. Is the Euro still parfait? AdieuReplyPeachesFebruary 4, 2017 at 4:51 amHello
 Cash is King! 🙂 I looove your website so much, you must be sooo strong
 and capable… can I send you photos of my breasts in exchange for Euro:P
 CI’m planning a trip to France, I need more Euro! 🙂ReplyVladislavFebruary 3, 2017 at 4:43 pmI
 sent for the Euro and USD. They are both in nice quality and used well
anywhere I wanted. Fuck. Living through one’s life is not like crossing a
 field.ReplyDeAndre Du Roc CripsFebruary 3, 2017 at 3:22 pmYo
 my overnight package took two days. How the fuck does that happen home
boy? Your momma should have slapped you more as a fucking kid. Get your
act together my nergroReplyHamburgFebruary 3, 2017 at 2:11 pmEuro Paket angekommen. Der Penner Angela Merkel, I dont want Muslims or other religions in Germany. die Arschmade!ReplyDukeFebruary 3, 2017 at 11:10 amBlade
 I recommend you don’t sell to people you suspect are not
>White/Caucasian<. White men were made to rule, colored people
were made to serve. Simple as that. Dont empower non-whites please.ReplyBollocksFebruary 3, 2017 at 9:43 amYour finally selling GBP and it looks and feels great. Thank you mateReplyRealistFebruary 3, 2017 at 7:49 amGreat Blade your selling to a FUCKING TERRORIST. Abu Bakr get off this website. Go blow yourself up fucker.ReplyAbu BakrFebruary 3, 2017 at 6:29 amjeegaret bokhoram. Thank you sir, your cash will go toward the most righteous cause known.ReplyAnonymousFebruary 2, 2017 at 6:04 pmAmazingReplyCelebrateFebruary 2, 2017 at 4:52 pmBlade just did some lines of some high end coke and did it will my newly acquired cash.Replyjstmt9February 2, 2017 at 2:11 pmI just emailed CK to order (EUR). I will update!ReplyArabicPrinceFebruary 2, 2017 at 12:14 pmThis is fucking legitReplymattFebruary 2, 2017 at 7:43 amso can i get the cash in USD in Europa ?ReplyEasy StreetFebruary 2, 2017 at 3:56 amIm using my money for a fucking vacation. First class, never been but now I can afford to.Thx CKReplybustFebruary 1, 2017 at 4:50 pmSo I have the cash – how long does it take all you people to spend $5,000?Reply8 BitFebruary 1, 2017 at 2:47 pmMy
 rookie pack arrived. It was in a shipment from Amazon. I open the
package and there is a shrink wrapped DVD call PS I Love You staring
Hilary Swank and Gerard Butler. At first I was like, where the fuck is
my cash. So I peel off the plastic from the DVD,opened it up, and behold
 a sealed mylar bag. I got some scissors opened up the bag and YESSSS
cash all 20’s. I used my counterfeit pen and ultraviolet light on the
bills. They are real. I can feel the raised print as well. VERY NICE.I
will be ordering again after my 2 week wait…. which kind of sucks BTWReplyLuckyWomanFebruary 1, 2017 at 1:10 pmBlade,will you deliver to Germany ? USD or EUR ?ReplyHS ChampionFebruary 1, 2017 at 9:17 amLast
 night I was enjoying my $5,000 in $20 bills, naked, cash all over my
body and a massive boner. And my mom walks in on me… I’m not going to
tell ya’ll how I explained it…ReplyTeddyBearFebruary 1, 2017 at 8:13 amOMG !! My cash arrived. £2,500 as promised all 20 pound notes.Cheers BladeReplymrbearFebruary 1, 2017 at 7:47 amso my package should be here any day now !!!anxiety at its best fuck i hope to get soon!ReplyunknownwonJanuary 31, 2017 at 4:16 pmLet me know how to send paymentReplyJustice LeaugeJanuary 31, 2017 at 3:58 pmLMAO – why the hell did you send my cash inside a >Spreadsheet Enthusiast< magazine? Waaaay funny.Reply? ? ?January 31, 2017 at 3:04 pmCan I buy bitcoin at the grocery store? Which isle?? ? ? ? ? ? ?ReplyyeaitsmeJanuary 31, 2017 at 2:03 pmOk let’s do this and hoping i wont get burnedReplySarahJanuary 31, 2017 at 10:50 amPower
 in the home should come from love, kindness, and mutual respect. not
from violence. Thats how my mother and father did it and that’s how I
treat my husband and how we co-manage the home.I’m here because I need
the money Cash is King provides, I dont like the dark net environment
and the people it attracts.ReplyRootCauseJanuary 31, 2017 at 10:44 amBigman.
 Hate to break it to but your her bitch. You need to put her in her
place with a few open handed strikes. She’ll never learn if you don’t
put some power behind them to make it memorable. After 5-10 minutes of
this you say >Honey I love you, and YOU made me do this to you, I
didn’t want to, and its your fault.< Trust me son, this is the only
way she’ll learn to obey your command in the home.ReplyBigMANJanuary 31, 2017 at 8:18 amALL
 FUCKING NIGHT SHE YELLED AT ME.I dont even have fucking tears left to
cry…I’m not a bitch pussy man. I’m a man whos really tough!I drive a
lifted pickup truck!!!I got liposuction on my man boobs months ago!! I
don’t have them anymore!My wife is SO MEAN for calling me a pussy.Can
someone write her a letter telling her how tough I am?ACE she’ll listen
to you, can you tell her I AM a man? And super tough, lifted pickup, I
fucking swear alot and I have tattoos. I am a MAN!!!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostJanuary 31, 2017 at 7:42 amAll,Euro
 inventory levels look like they will stay low all week. Its just hard
for us to keep up with orders even with all the exchanging we’ve been
doing.pilot5059 – Its legit money bro, dont overthink it.Beastiliaty –
Shit. Ok we’ll mail your last 200 today.Queer – have you ever ordered a
package before? Thats normal.BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyBigMANJanuary 31, 2017 at 7:22 amAnyone
 know how to get my wife to stop calling me a pussy? I tell her
>please dont call me that, cant you see i’m crying?< but she just
keeps yelling and I cant stop crying.If I didnt get orders in the mail
from cash is king she would yell more.ReplyBeastiliatyJanuary 30, 2017 at 11:28 pmLook
 this isnt a really big deal but the last package I got (5,000 EURO) was
 short 200. Its not a really big deal but at the same time thats my
money and I want it. I emailed you asking for you to mail the remaining
200 but you said you’ll include it in your next order. Kind of upset
about it but I guess 4,800 is still good.ReplyQueerJanuary 30, 2017 at 11:18 pmMY SHIPPING INFO HASNT CHANGED IN 10 HOURS. WHAT THE FUCK IS USPS DOING?!?! GET IT THE FUCK TO MY HOUSEReplyfruit of the vineJanuary 7, 2017 at 12:31 pmWhat
 are you people of the comments smoking? This is great fucking cash!
Ordered the 5k Package and it spent as easy as pie!!! and the best part
is these guys fedex’ed it to me… the next day. ! Stop buying from the
other fucking vendors on the hidden wiki. THIS. IS. LEGIT.Replyfecial matterJanuary 6, 2017 at 4:28 pmRipped off, I ordered the $10,000 package in $20’s and only got $9,800. Wanna make this right Blade?ReplyBigMoneyManJanuary 6, 2017 at 2:06 pmYou
 have to respect these guys for stealing this money in the first place.
Blood was probably spilt, respect and thanks for the $$$ReplyanonymousJanuary 6, 2017 at 9:43 amya great i got the cashReplyAnonymousJanuary 6, 2017 at 7:36 amWhat is your public PGP?ReplyAnonymous2January 6, 2017 at 7:18 amYo Knight – what did >310: Web Development< class say about hidden wiki and this website?ReplyAnonymousJanuary 6, 2017 at 6:39 amI
 have a business proposition for you. I got the rookie package and want
to start buying the maximum order size. Sent you an email, hit me back.ReplyPOINTED QUESTIONJanuary 6, 2017 at 2:56 amACE CAN YOU GUYS SHIP MY NEXT PACKAGE IN A SMALLER BOX? I HAVE ISSUES WITH PACKAGE SIZES WHERE I LIVE.THANK YOUReplyAnonymousJanuary 5, 2017 at 10:06 pmYea! came home from work to open a package of $5,000.Very happy about this. Lifelong customer.Replymeth loverJanuary 5, 2017 at 10:05 pmGetting cash in the mail isnt as good as methReplyAnonymousJanuary 5, 2017 at 4:20 pmIf
 you read this post I mentally stealing all your personal information.I
will report you to the FBI/INTERPOL/NSA unless you send 1 bitcoin to
this address 19ESxFFN5fUs95xJFmNZnF2juPZnm53eq1Reply5424542January 5, 2017 at 3:25 pmHow long does it take to spend $5,000?ReplyAnonymousJanuary 5, 2017 at 3:15 pmI
 got the money. How do I know its not high end counterfeit? I deposited
it at a bank and they didnt say anything… Could the bank come back and
say >Hey you deposited this cash and it all checked out, but now we
dont like it?< has that happened to anyone?ReplyAnonymousJanuary 5, 2017 at 3:01 pmYou send me $1300 inside a >Cockhandler< magazine? Its a real magazine about chickens. Kind of f***ed up but its funny.ReplySt DenysJanuary 5, 2017 at 11:17 amI ordered a small package of GBP and spent it at HarrodsReplyAnonymousJanuary 5, 2017 at 11:16 amFuck.
 I the goods today, $10,000 large. But someone included a photo of their
 penis with the shipment. You fucking lucky I opened the package and not
 my girlfriend. Dont do it again please. I like the cash but no more
photos.ReplyCardigansJanuary 5, 2017 at 9:17 amAtt våga är att tappa fotfästet en stund, att inte våga är att förlora sig själv.ReplyRaineJanuary 5, 2017 at 1:26 amSont tous des voleurs américains?ReplyYoungbuckJanuary 5, 2017 at 12:20 amAnd can they track the package back to my place??????ReplyYoungbuckJanuary 5, 2017 at 12:18 amWhat are your current prices for American money like a box of 1000 dollars for 50 bucks?????Replydoubting thomasJanuary 4, 2017 at 9:24 pmI
 ordered the 5,000 Euro package and only got 4,800. I emailed ace about
it and he sent the remaining 200. thank you this is good service.ReplynailsJanuary 4, 2017 at 7:27 pmwow … this is real… Why am I working at my job anymore?ReplystormtrooperJanuary 4, 2017 at 7:16 pmFUCK YOU ACE. I ASKED FOR ALL $100’s AND YOU GAVE ME $50’S. BASTARD.ReplyAnonymousJanuary 4, 2017 at 6:31 pmOh
 man, what a good bunch of cashing at the bank place. I wanted to stay,
because I almost had account opened on this girl but it was so
expensive.ReplyAnonymousJanuary 4, 2017 at 5:51 pmMy
 2nd order went much smoother than my first. I was sure the FBI was
going to deliver the cash to me for the first order. That did not happen
 though thankfully.ReplyJAJanuary 4, 2017 at 3:26 pmIf I order EUR, do I get normal EUR bills or also those meant to be shredded?How do you exchange USD to EUR?ReplyAnonymousJanuary 4, 2017 at 1:29 pmEuro seems to be 100% real currency. Very nice and crispIch liebe fucking america.Replypissed off guyJanuary 4, 2017 at 12:23 pmWhy the fuck don’t you send out free samples?ReplyMADELINEJanuary 4, 2017 at 9:49 amMon argent est en bon étatReply2 true 4 uJanuary 3, 2017 at 9:27 pmI didnt get any cocaine with my cash. Wasnt someone saying in the forum they got some cocaine as part of their package?ReplyHacker3021January 3, 2017 at 8:29 pmJust placed order will tell you how it goes when I get the cashReplyAnonymousJanuary 3, 2017 at 6:05 pmTheAwesomeLlamaJar:
 There is no way to confirm if this is legit or not. This is darknet. It
 is not a eCommerce site on the clean net.You have to take a risk.ReplyAnonymousJanuary 3, 2017 at 5:28 pmyo knight i’m from that web devlopment and the dark net class also. What up brotha!ReplyTheAwesomeLlamaJarJanuary 3, 2017 at 5:27 pmWas interested in buying, wondering if anyone could tell me if this is legit? Checking for bots too, just in case.ReplytesterscepticumJanuary 3, 2017 at 5:16 pmlast testReplyTRJanuary 3, 2017 at 4:05 pmlol yea i’m cloning their website right now to screw around with during class.KRReplyKnightJanuary 3, 2017 at 3:35 pmIs anyone else here from the >310: Web Development< class that talked about the hidden wiki and this website today?ReplyfalkeJanuary 3, 2017 at 2:15 pmyou
 shit heads are a bunch of bananenbiegers. get a real job and contribute
 to society.Your Euro is real but it is destroying society. You are
creating lazy youth. Stupid Americans.ReplyDUKEJanuary 3, 2017 at 1:58 pmLast
 Week, in a final despicable act against Christians and Jews, on
Christmas weekend, Barack Obama effectively signed over Christendom’s
and Judaism’s holiest sites to radical Muslim groups.As ya’ll are
getting your Cash in the mail please considering donating to the KKK. We
 fight for the white and whats right.ReplyWaterboyJanuary 3, 2017 at 6:07 amHas anyone ordered and checked Euros? I need money for my uni fees!ReplyRustamJanuary 3, 2017 at 6:01 amI
 live in the Russian Federation. Cash is King is trusted. Got Euro
successfully.Little thieves are hanged, but great ones escape.ReplyJessicaJanuary 3, 2017 at 4:11 amI
 am a very discerning buyer and always leave reviews. I purchased Euro
and carefully checked them in case they were counterfeits. The Euro are
100% real, I deposited them at my bank account without troubleReplyTerminator PS4 manJanuary 3, 2017 at 4:10 amMy
 friends told me to order so I did. The cash (USD) is great but then my
friends said I made a purcahse from a criminal organization. I’m not ok
with doing business with criminals. I will not do business with you
anymore.ReplyaweseomeJanuary 2, 2017 at 10:27 pmtestingReplyANiggaWhoNeedsMoneyJanuary 2, 2017 at 7:02 pmTesting. buying in the next few days.ReplyPoohaJanuary 2, 2017 at 6:32 pmHello real bills!ReplyJohnJanuary 2, 2017 at 5:13 pmDo you ship to the UK? And if I were to order to the UK, would you recommend I order Euro or USD?ThanksReplyt3sTJanuary 1, 2017 at 6:12 pmi
 want to make a small deal to test and see if he’s legithow much is
shipping to Romania ?use any type of escrow system to pay ?and after to
buy moreReplyhedgehogDecember 31, 2016 at 10:26 pmHey
 t3sT we’re on the dark net nothing can be >proven<. This might
not be your thing stick to stocks and bonds. For me this is just adding
to my shady game.ReplyBrotherhoodXXXDecember 31, 2016 at 7:56 pmyou mother fuckers are really hooking a brother up. If you ever need a place to lay low let me know bro-BrotherhoodXXXReplyt3sTDecember 31, 2016 at 3:16 pmhow can someone prove that is real ?ReplyBigLeoDecember 30, 2016 at 8:43 pmSounds too good to be true, i hope it isn’t.ReplyAnonymousDecember 30, 2016 at 6:30 pmorder placed, bitcoins sent, hope i get a reply soon!ReplyzuesDecember 30, 2016 at 5:12 pmFUCK YEA! I feel like I just hooked up with a girl! Got my moneyReplyvestaviusDecember 30, 2016 at 2:11 pmjust ordered today will post when it comes inReplyAbrooDecember 30, 2016 at 1:51 amIs this legit?ReplyTestingDecember 30, 2016 at 1:50 amTest Test TesingReplyAbroDecember 30, 2016 at 1:49 amTesting…ReplyAnonymousDecember 29, 2016 at 10:21 pmRead
 the comment about the reptilians.Hell yeah, if Cash is king is real, I
don’t mind to order from him because his cash is made from the
reptilians.I hate human beings because they are full of racists. You
know how fucked up when you have no money and try to find a stable job
but these fucking racists human beings fuck your life up.ReplyKyleDecember 29, 2016 at 11:29 ami emailed you guys but no responseReplymy own liverDecember 29, 2016 at 10:34 amI got my >Semi-Pro< order but it was short $100. Its still fucking awesome. I’m not complaining.ReplyBlackmagicDecember 29, 2016 at 7:32 amTest…….TestReplytotorDecember 29, 2016 at 5:09 am111Replyr e a l !!!!!!!!!!!!December 29, 2016 at 3:47 amholy shit its real. buy buy buy!ReplyLarsDecember 28, 2016 at 6:37 pm2016-12-29 – testingReplystupidTrumpDecember 28, 2016 at 12:31 pmOrdered on Saturday when I had a lonely and sad Christmas. I will see if this is legit.Replydank nugDecember 27, 2016 at 11:23 pmTestingggReplyAnonymousDecember 27, 2016 at 10:25 amshipment took 2 days longer than it usually does due to the holidays.ReplyjoseDecember 26, 2016 at 6:27 pmthis shits so awesome. bought so much of this shit its insane.ReplyTylerDecember 26, 2016 at 2:42 pmTestingReplyTylerDecember 26, 2016 at 2:41 pmGoing to try and order real soon will let all now how it turns out with photosReplyGreenBananaDecember 26, 2016 at 1:00 pmMmmm, i’ve heard so much about this website on the forums. Finally going to place an order myself.ReplyFake or real?December 26, 2016 at 2:24 amPeople are saying it’s a legit. So is it?ReplyToo goodDecember 26, 2016 at 2:12 amThis
 is legit people. My friends are all buying this. I havent ordered
myself yet but I was at my friends house when they got their in the
mail. Now i’m saving up.ReplyMadMartiganDecember 26, 2016 at 12:34 amHow
 do you get the Euro’s?What Escrow service can I use with you? Who do
you normally use for escrow?Are you in need of help, are you hiring?ReplyBigdickproblemsDecember 25, 2016 at 9:51 pmHow
 are you guys still on here fucking stealing from the US government? I
can’t believe it. Get a real job instead of stealing from the FED.ReplyJayDecember 25, 2016 at 5:58 pmI love these guysReplyJayDecember 25, 2016 at 5:56 pmthese guys are the real deal, changed my life for the best!!!!ReplyJaxsDecember 24, 2016 at 2:58 pmIM GOING TO GIVE IT A TRY I HOPE IT ALL WORKS OUT ILL BE SO GRATEFUL IF IT DOESReplycome onDecember 24, 2016 at 2:49 pmi ordered 2 times and its been good so far.ReplydaveDecember 24, 2016 at 8:15 amreal or not ?ReplyjohnDecember 24, 2016 at 7:01 amI’ve been on the dark net for a looong time. These guys are legit.ReplykrisDecember 23, 2016 at 12:44 pmTestingReplyForever 21December 23, 2016 at 6:36 amThese
 guys are real and they totally saved my financial life.I ordered a big
package, and it has been almost 3 weeks of non-stop spending and I
finally am running low on cash. The emails were quite quick and assuring
 before, during and after purchase.THIS IS AN AWESOME BUSINESS – A TOTAL
 SAVIOR!Replystrip teaseDecember 22, 2016 at 8:43 pmI
 just got the $2,500 package… Question: How can I be sure there aren’t
micro GPS trackers installed by the government in each bill? Could they
be in ever bill that they create? Do micro GPS trackers exist?ReplyBig JDecember 22, 2016 at 12:48 pmAre you guys legit?ReplySwag3rDecember 22, 2016 at 3:39 amOrdered the $1300 package and I got it… pleasedReplyI LOVE YOUDecember 21, 2016 at 10:43 pmCome to my house and father my children. I love you guys. seriously.The cash is like licking tears off of a unicorn.Replysebastian sosaDecember 21, 2016 at 7:02 pmare you guys legitReplyJaxs89December 21, 2016 at 2:30 pmHow to order?Replypassion1640December 21, 2016 at 12:47 pmso how much does it costReplyGobsmackedDecember 21, 2016 at 12:30 pmI bought the 10,000 Euro package and its Brilliant.CheersReplyFake or realDecember 21, 2016 at 2:15 amIs this legit?ReplyHarry PotterDecember 20, 2016 at 4:26 pmI just deposited some cash in an ATM. I was HELLA nervous but it worked just like they said.THANK YOU SO MUCH!!ReplycuprunthoverDecember 20, 2016 at 4:24 pm-Predator
 you dumb fuck, mail goes through sorting houses all over the country in
 different major cities. your package is on the way.ReplyProtossDecember 20, 2016 at 10:58 amGot my cash and all is well.very satisfied will order again soon.ReplyInfected VaginaDecember 20, 2016 at 10:48 amBlade cocksucker! I pay money for overnight and you sent it 2-3 day USPS!ReplylaurentDecember 20, 2016 at 8:10 amfuck you for stealing from the FED. This is my country and Hillary Clinton would have saved it.ReplyFUCKDecember 20, 2016 at 7:34 amI
 was ordering the $100k package every week or so until I pissed Blade
off. Now he wont ship to anyone in the city I live in. Sorry if I
screwed this up for other buyers in my city. Fuck.ReplyAnonymousDecember 20, 2016 at 6:26 amHello
 all –I ordered the $25,000 package and the cash was mailed as if it
came from an electronics repair company online. Very good stealth. The
package could be opened without the cash being detected. They would have
 to unscrew electronics to get to the cash. For smaller orders they ship
 differently.ReplyfreddyDecember 20, 2016 at 5:28 amWell
 I ordered $10,000 with a 50/50% split of $100’s and $20’s. I got 80%
$20’s and 20% $100’s.It will spend just the same and I’m not going to
whine about it.Replyfuck youDecember 19, 2016 at 8:45 pmYOU
 SCAMMED ME YOUR MOTHERFUCER ,, YOU SON OF PEACHi SWEAR BY GOD , I will
fuck you up with my boyfriend team huckersyou will seeReplypredatorDecember 19, 2016 at 8:13 pmSo
 I ordered $10,000 overnighted through fedex and it shows the package
went to Memphis TN, I live on the west coast whats the problem? It
should be coming toward me…ReplyAnonymousDecember 19, 2016 at 6:28 pmMy
 $1,300 in cash came inside an >OUT< magazine. Thats a magazine
all about gay people. I thought it was funny but my wife didnt 😛Replysucide squadDecember 19, 2016 at 6:06 pmI
 just wanted to echo someone elses comment that one of my bills had
white residue on it. Very likely cocaine. I am of course thankful and
grateful for this cash but I hope the cocaine bills can get weeded out.ReplyTestDecember 19, 2016 at 6:05 pmTest of commentsReplyin n out burgerDecember 19, 2016 at 3:40 pmdssdsdsdsdReplyNikeDecember 19, 2016 at 1:20 pmsweeeeeeet. this is so awesome.got my $1300ReplyI-FUCK-YOUDecember 19, 2016 at 1:15 pmyou
 stupid bastardI asked for fucking $20’s and you sent me all $100’s. Do
you know how suspicious it is to have $5,000 in hundreds where I live? I
 might as well burn this fucking cash.ReplyAlejandroDecember 19, 2016 at 9:58 amThis is real of course, big money maker for me and my organizationReplylegitornotDecember 19, 2016 at 6:57 amI
 found this site because a co-worker told me about it when he quit his
job. I got cash the other day and I’m thinking of quiting my job alsoReplyftrDecember 19, 2016 at 4:38 amim
 going to order in the future ive been reading through the comments and
people are crazy, but im going to do the rookie deal to see if its legit
 ill check back with you guys laterReplyfranchiseDecember 18, 2016 at 11:17 pmfuck you aceI donated all the cash you sent me to charity.fuck youReplyin n out burgDecember 18, 2016 at 5:56 pmsdfdsfsfdfReplyin n out burger2December 18, 2016 at 4:58 pmtell me its legit or not / previous comment did not appearReplyDizMooDecember 18, 2016 at 12:07 pmnoticed prices for Bitcoin fluctuate, be buyer/seller . question: how much bit coin per Dollar I’m i needing ?ReplyfdsadfdsDecember 17, 2016 at 9:14 amWell I have no idea why Blade and his team is doing this, but i’m getting real usd . Very WonderfulReplytestDecember 16, 2016 at 10:32 amtesting commentsReplydon blancoDecember 16, 2016 at 1:45 amill make my first puchase next weekReplyin n out burgerDecember 16, 2016 at 12:55 amI
 got the rookie pack yesterday – 13X$100 bills or $1,300. 1 of the
$100’s was too worn for the ATM, but I went inside and they accepted it.ReplyFake or realDecember 16, 2016 at 12:30 amIs this legit ? Any1 got any proofs. Do these guys accept paypal. $325 is lot to riskReplyT BoneDecember 15, 2016 at 11:20 pm!yea
 bra I get the green back!Crusin roun town with the flow, on the go, fo
sho, $2,500 in my pocketYou da bomb ace! U welcome in my townReplydarrbyDecember 15, 2016 at 10:09 pmtest to see if t postReplySkankHunt42December 15, 2016 at 4:25 pmRisking
 $325 to figure out if you’re legit—scary shit. But I guess that’s like
double or nothing roulette bets in Vegas, and I’d spend at least that on
 a hotel there, so whatever. Hope you guys are legit, because I’m hoping
 to ride $325 into 7 figures.ReplyHooker problemsDecember 15, 2016 at 3:33 pmHello
 everyone I wanted to share a lesson.I got a hooker for a few hours like
 I always do.I used protection as always.Instead of using this
>Pre-shred< i tried to pay the hooker with counterfeit. Guess
what?The hooker could feel the difference between real and fake cash.
She hit me in the crotch twice, took my wallet and left.Jokes on her I
have Syphilis, But my lesson is always to pay with real cash. You can
ALWAYS feel fake cash.ReplyI hate indiaDecember 15, 2016 at 10:18 amI
 ordered from a clone website and got scammed. I kept emailing them and
they told me >Fuck off american bitch, I’m spending your bitcoin on
curry and rice< Are all scammers from India?ReplyGroundisLavaDecember 15, 2016 at 9:59 amMy
 $10,000 came just in the nick of time. My wife is a real bitch and I
needed the cash right when it came. Looks to be in good shape and spends
 just fine as per usual.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostDecember 14, 2016 at 4:20 pmAs
 happens with all legit dark net Vendors we have noticed several FALSE
>Clones< or >Mirror< Websites. ONLY Use the >Cash is
King< website listed on The Hidden Wiki. Save this link in your
browser. If your unsure if your at the right site, go to the Hidden Wiki
 and find our link again. You will not receive our advertised
>Pre-Shred< from any website but this one.Buying from us is 100%
safe as long as you follow our buying directions and don’t visit
suspicious websites.BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyLevitationDecember 14, 2016 at 3:26 pmI
 ordered the >Master< package of $100,000 as my first order the
night of 12/12/16. I sent $5,000 over and then nervously waited. Then I
kept nervously waiting even after I got tracking. I checking the
tracking status every 15 minutes even though I had it set to notify me.
Then the package arrived and I was ecstatic! Now I am blowing through
cash like there is no tomorrow. I am giving some $20’s out to the poor
also.ReplyRugBugDecember 14, 2016 at 2:53 pmTest postReplyjasamDecember 14, 2016 at 1:42 pmDa li ovo radiReplyheartLoveDislikeDecember 14, 2016 at 8:41 amSend
 bitcoin to my wallet # below and my wallet will auto detect you’ve sent
 it and my email will auto send you all the proof you want. My email
will auto detect your email address so no need to send it to me. Start
the whole >Auto-detection & Sending< my sending bitcoin to the
 address below12pWtTFEQeUcv96UdcwgU9JfUUme9hq3XHReplymeDecember 14, 2016 at 7:22 amtesting review filterReplyNUNYABIZ54TDecember 14, 2016 at 2:55 amSounds
 too good to be true. Can does anyone have proof this is legit all i see
 are reviews saying it is, but these can simply be made up.ReplyHobbitmanDecember 13, 2016 at 6:32 pmOk
 I got the cash but I wish I had ordered weed instead. Cash cant make
you feel good like weed can. Whats better $500 weed or $2,500 cash? I
would rather have the weed right now. life sucks. Cash is fine though.ReplyBernieDecember 13, 2016 at 6:07 pmI
 know you said not to use this cash for charity but I’ve been using it
to pay for respite care for a few old people in my community. I’ve been
spending most it on myself though, the extra goes to respite care to be
honest.ReplystellapolarisDecember 13, 2016 at 12:08 pmtestiiingReplyCarharttDecember 13, 2016 at 10:25 amI
 guess my next question is – what are all ya’ll doing for the future?
Any of ya’ll stockpiling cash? This website/operation cant last forever.
 Just curious.ReplyThePinnacleOfCynicalDecember 13, 2016 at 7:20 amHey
 I’ve been a big hater on this forum and I am sorry. I realize how much
of a gift this cash is. My parents always gave me alot of money growing
up so I just felt entitled to being treated like royalty. I am sorry.I
try to limit myself to spending $1,000 a day on myself. I dont include
my bills through.ReplyAcid BurnDecember 13, 2016 at 3:02 amBefore this website I spent $10k every 4 months. Now I can spend it in 1 day if I wanted to. Money spends really fast.ReplyAmanadaDecember 13, 2016 at 12:12 amI can spend $10,000 in about a week. Nice clothes for women are very expensive though.ReplyCarharttDecember 12, 2016 at 9:52 pmI just want to take a poll: How long does $10G’s last all ya’ll?ReplyDJ PJDecember 12, 2016 at 6:26 pmI
 am really interested in this and will buy some in a couple months and
send you a picture!This is why you should buy this.-They are the oldest
vendor.-They don’t have sketchy prices or reviews.-The money is genuine.ReplyBujaryxoqyyDecember 12, 2016 at 4:12 pmMy
 friend and I are splitting the total amount to get our first package…
After we receive the rookie package can we order the Elite from a
different address which is 2 miles away from the first address?ReplyAcid BurnDecember 12, 2016 at 3:23 pmI
 ordered, got the cash and posted back when this operation started back a
 few months ago. Look for me about 1,000 posts ago >Acid Burn<.
I’ve ordered ever since then. Back in the old days you could order as
many packages as you wanted each week. One week I got three (3) – $5,000
 packages. In the early days I tried to do as many orders as I could
because I thought they were doing a pyramid scheme. Pyramid schemes
quickly become non-profitable for the organization running it because
they soon pay out more money then they receive. I am now 100% sure this
is not a pyramid scheme, the numbers just dont add up. I’ve done two
packages of $200,000 for the past two weeks. I don’t recommend new
buyers start at the highest point but I do think you all should try to
work your way up there, financial freedom feels good. If it was a
pyramid scheme he would have to process at least 600 rookie orders for
each one of my $200k orders. The numbers just dont add up. I sincerely
believe they are stealing from the government.Blade – Criminals always
get caught. I’ve done time myself. But I will stick with you and keep
buying until it happens. And I hope and pray you do not get caught. Be
safe my friend.Acid BurnReplyMrTyronLongDDecember 12, 2016 at 12:56 pmEy
 yo my niggaz fuck da reptelian shit , ya diiiiigall tyron care about my
 weed fried chicken and pussyso ya’ll can say whatever about my fellow
reptelian fuck ya’llWE ACTUALLY GET ALONG PRETTY GOOD SINCE WE ARE FROM
SAME BLOOD LINEAlso WE HAVE A VERY STRONG GENITIC CONNECTIONS with these
 beautiful beingsthey are here t help us stop been negativeReplyYogurt slingerDecember 12, 2016 at 11:43 amIs
 this cash perfect? no its not. Is it in bad shape? Nope. Will it go
through an ATM? Yes probably 1/25 bills wont make it through machines no
 matter how you put it in. But just spend those elsewhere.I also go by
these names look me up!Clam hammer, Womb broom, Spam javelin, Tuna
torpedo, Meat popsicle, Cervix crusader, Tummy bananaReplyGucciDecember 12, 2016 at 10:29 amI am so happy right now. I just got the $5,000 package. It may not be alot to alot of you shit eaters but its alot to me.ReplyFMMach1December 11, 2016 at 6:09 pmHas anyone got their package out of the US? I am interested, but I want to know if you receive the money.ReplyShroom LoverDecember 11, 2016 at 5:02 pmlol
 Jackson you’ve obviously never placed an order from Cash is King huh?
All skeptics start out the same. Join the believes and start working
your way up to $200kReplyAnonymousDecember 11, 2016 at 3:03 pmWas the site down for a few days??Replyarabjewbear11119December 11, 2016 at 2:31 pmHey Blade! this site still up?ReplyturtlesquirtlepenusDecember 11, 2016 at 2:30 pmtesting if this be legit yoReplyDoggieDecember 11, 2016 at 12:03 pmreceived
 my order of $25,000 cash. Decent condition. I dont know about all these
 haters but I love your cash and will be back for more soon. This help
us out during the holidays my wife spends like a bitch.ReplyAdalbertDecember 11, 2016 at 12:01 pm€10,000 zu meinem Haus geliefert. Sehr gut danke. Da liegt der Hund begraben.ReplyGhostsDecember 11, 2016 at 11:52 amI’m planning on buying from Cash Is King, but I’m out of the US. Has anyone in South America received their money?Replyzupirius116December 11, 2016 at 6:12 amdo I need to register with CIK network in order to make orders?ReplyJay ZDecember 11, 2016 at 6:08 amIn
 the town I live in a man will beat another man to steal his tennis
shoes. But i got the cash in my mailbox. Someone’s getting screwed up
the ass but it aint me. Its the US government i think. I think these
guys are legit like they say.ReplysupermanDecember 11, 2016 at 4:27 amSup my brosGot the flow in the mail the othera day. Yo yo. True G Blade BroHella yea’sReplyJacksonDecember 10, 2016 at 6:14 pm$5000 for $100,000? Sounds like a fucking scam.ReplyformamentisDecember 9, 2016 at 6:41 pmIs
 this fucking crazy?Roger McFarlandDecember 7, 2016 at 6:43 amHello this
 is Dark Net Crime Fighter Roger McFarland checking in. I will destroy
this website with my hacking skills at 9AM Eastern Time today. Enjoy
your final hoursRoger McFarlandBusiness Owner / Crime FighterUniversity
of Pittsburgh AlumniThe site is still alive motherfuckerReplyFUCK YOU ACEDecember 9, 2016 at 3:41 pmFUCK YOU ACE!Love that one hehe….. i love this motherfucking forum!!ReplyLaurette FDecember 9, 2016 at 12:24 pmI
 got my Cash today thank youalthough I love the money trueBehind my
smile is a hurting heartbehind my laugh I’m falling apartLook closely at
 me and you will seethe girl I am, it isn’t me…ReplyBarnabasDecember 9, 2016 at 10:08 amI
 can finally place another order!! Last Order was 11/25/16 and you can
only place 1 order every 2 weeks right? I just paid for order # 2 got a
$10,000 pack coming my way..Reply8ballDecember 9, 2016 at 6:36 amWhy the hell would you want to find a Red Room? You must be not right in the head, seek counseling.ReplysamboDecember 8, 2016 at 11:48 pmHow
 do you get bit coins I’m so fucking confused!! Gentle push in the right
 way would be fucking gr8.and I’m sooo untreated in ya business as soon
as I get coins I’m shopping.ace you da man bro.people on here
complaining they got coca in on there bills haha you un grateful pick.
#freecoccaineReplyVurtoneyDecember 8, 2016 at 1:30 pmNo
 a Red Room is not related to Japanese Anime at all. A red room is a
place you can see and/or participate in interactive torture or murder.
I’m looking for oneReply8ballDecember 8, 2016 at 1:01 pmIs a Red Room related to japanese anime?ReplyFUCK YOU ACEDecember 8, 2016 at 12:45 pmBlade begs for cockReplyVurtoneyDecember 8, 2016 at 11:23 amDoes anyone know where I can find a red room?ReplyFUCK YOU ACEDecember 8, 2016 at 10:07 amBlade
 your a bastard and I’m going to reveal you to everyone.10/24/16 –
>Rookie – $1,300< ordered with $40 OVERNIGHT shipping. Guess what?
 I paid $40 for FEDEX overnight and they USPS 2-3 day shipped the
fucking package. I let Blade know he was a shit head and made a mistake.
 He said they would overnight the next one for free.11/14/16 – >Pro –
 $10,000< ordered and I was given free overnight shipping. IT ARRIVED
 $500 SHORT!!!!! I’m not a rich man like some of you. $500 is ALOT OF
MONEY for me. I let Blade know he was a mother fucker. Clearly he was
trying to spitefully screw me over. He replied >Hey man be cool, you
still made $8250 profit right?< You FUCKER, I dont care about the
profit I care that you fucked me!12/5/16 – >Master – $100,000<
ordered with added $40 overnight shipping. This time delivery was good
(12/6/16) and the quantity was good (all $100k) However I was VERY clear
 that I wanted ALL $100’s. And fucking guess what? He sent $80,000 in
$100’s and $20,000 in $50’s. FUCKING $50 BILLS!!!!! I DID NOT WANT $50’S
 I FUCKING WANTED $100’s!!!!I’M NOT A FUCKING CHARITY YOU CANT TREAT ME
LIKE SHIT. I AM YOUR CUSTOMER AND YOU WOULD HAVE TO GET A DAY JOB IF IT
WASN’T FOR YOUR CUSTOMERS BUYING YOUR STOLEN CASH.ReplybomberDecember 8, 2016 at 6:31 amhell yes. I wanted to see if it’s legit and it is.Replybutt theifDecember 7, 2016 at 10:39 pmCash is wonderful! thank you thank you thank you thank you!ReplyasdfasdfDecember 7, 2016 at 5:56 pmHey
 All I placed order and made payment 12/5/16. When the cash arrived I
did every possible test to make sure it wasn’t counterfeit. This is 100%
 genuine, I certify it.ReplymanoloDecember 7, 2016 at 5:22 pmeverytime i work i get used bills, i didnt know, bills had to be new… !!!! sounds legit to me…ReplyjoggerDecember 7, 2016 at 2:13 pmI
 ordered the $25,000 package all in $100’s. Ordered it with +40 Fedex
overnight the morning of 12/5/16 and received it 12/6/16. Cash is what I
 expected. Happy to do business with you.ReplyAmanadaDecember 7, 2016 at 1:36 pmMy cash isnt new… is that normal? I thought it would be crisp… Oh well it spends just the same…ReplyShrederDecember 7, 2016 at 10:20 amHy!I
 got my package yesterday from Fedex. I had it shipped right to my
house! Packaged from a well known ebay electronics vendor with that
vendors labeling. Opened the package to find a old school VHS player.
Inside the VHS player was $25,000. Excellent stealth overall. 50% $20’s,
 50% $100’s.Very pleased I will order again!ShrederReplyRoger McFarlandDecember 7, 2016 at 6:43 amHello
 this is Dark Net Crime Fighter Roger McFarland checking in. I will
destroy this website with my hacking skills at 9AM Eastern Time today.
Enjoy your final hoursRoger McFarlandBusiness Owner / Crime
FighterUniversity of Pittsburgh AlumniReplyRealistDecember 7, 2016 at 5:01 amThe
 politicians are put there to give you the idea you have freedom of
choice. You don’t. You have no choice. You have owners. They own you.
They own everything. They own all the important land, they own and
control the corporations that’ve long since bought and paid for, the
senate, the congress, the state houses, the city halls, they got the
judges in their back pocket, and they own all the big media companies so
 they control just about all of the news and the information you get to
hear. They got you by the balls. They spend billions of dollars every
year lobbying to get what they want. Well, we know what they want. They
want more for themselves and less for everybody else. But I’ll tell you
what they don’t want. They don’t want you ruining the economy by buying
stolen cash from >Cash is King<. This is real but buy at your own
risk of disturbing the owners of this world.ReplyTruth4moneyDecember 7, 2016 at 4:22 amyou’ll get your money! Ima 5000 richer!ReplyDr. ProofDecember 7, 2016 at 2:55 ampaid, got tracking, package delivered, cash deposited at bank.SuccessReplySpecial Agent Sean Keith - Federal Bureau of Investigation -- Financial Crimes DivisionDecember 7, 2016 at 1:45 amMy
 opposition and my plea for users to steer clear is rooted only in the
fact the website’s operators are reptilian and anti-human. They come
many light-years away from Earth and settle on our planet to cause
financial chaos and to destroy the human race.After careful studying of
our prior investigations, I can now say with great confidence that the
operators behind this website >Cash is King< were accessory to the
 orchestraters of the 2008 depression. They knew about it beforehand and
 assisted in the financial ruin. These website operators are key players
 in the reptilian agenda, and while I wish to capture them, these
reptilian entities continue to elude us since the beginning of mankind
and my efforts would be futile. They possess ability to >teleport<
 and various more other-worldly mechanisms and tools to avoid
detection.So while the Agency is aware that if we do have a lead on
>Cash is King,< they will employ highly-advanced reptilian
technology and avoid detection.I want to stress to the website users,
the money is real. Bank tellers and ATMs will accept it as genuine cash.
 But you are buying it from reptilians and anti-human entities who seek
to destroy the world. Is free money worth selling your soul to the
devil?Think about that for a minute.My name is Special Agent Sean and
this is my advice.ReplystonerDecember 6, 2016 at 3:21 pmnice
 brother teenagewasteland… weeds a great drug my friend. i just bought
$2,000 of weed myself but I’m going to split it up and sell it while I
wait for my next package from Blade.ReplyTeenageWastelandDecember 6, 2016 at 1:43 pmThanks
 to you I spend my days alternating between getting drunk and high. I
have a big stash of the medical grade. Weeds revealed me to myself.ReplyDukeDecember 6, 2016 at 12:59 pmI
 am the least racist person there is but the USA should be about white
mans power over the colored man. Why do I say this? Because all colored
people are thief’s and rapists.I have no problem with women like Leshani
 La-Sha as long as she cooks, cleans & produces babies as her
husband commands. I would also ask that her kind sticks to minimum wage
jobs.DUKEReplyLeshani La-ShaDecember 6, 2016 at 12:44 pmI sen ya’ll a pic of me ean caaash $10 greand – 5% off 😛 A wo dead made up F’ ya like clurr. A tink eez really megga like!ReplyRoger McFarlandDecember 6, 2016 at 12:10 pmMy
 name is Roger McFarland I went to school at the University of
Pittsburgh but I ended up taking over my Dad’s business. I am pleased to
 say I have reached a maturity level where I don’t worry about money
anymore. You all can reach that maturity level also through wise
spending, discipline and hard work. All you low life’s buying from
>Blade< need to learn to be happy with the money you make from
bagging groceries or flipping burgers. Crime is never the answer. If you
 choose crime then I will stand up to you! I am one of the few real
internet crime fighters. I procured a $2,500 package from these
felonious miscreants and they need to be brought under the sweet sword
of justice! I have emailed Special Agent Sean and many other special
agents with my crime fighting proposals. I will use my internet Kung Fu
to destroy this website forever!All that buy from >Blade< and his
Operation! Hear my call! Stop buying from them and report your actions
to the authorities. You may spend time in jail but you deserve to go
there. You will learn of our great economy while in jail and be reformed
 into a productive citizen. You all are the problem with this
Nation!Roger McFarlandBusiness OwnerUniversity of Pittsburgh AlumniReplyasdfDecember 6, 2016 at 11:57 amffReplywtf is thatDecember 6, 2016 at 7:58 amFBI , seriously wants your real name….u are dead meat……hahahaReplyak-47December 6, 2016 at 5:26 amOrder 12/2/16 order arrived today. $10,000 in $20’s. this shit is the chronicReplyDr. ProofDecember 6, 2016 at 4:45 amI ended up buying the smallest package and I got tracking info. That’s reassuring at least.ReplyTruth4moneyDecember 6, 2016 at 2:50 amIt’s
 been 6 weeks since I started ordering from Blade and I have yet be
disappointed with the process, I’ve ordered it 2 times so far and just
ordered the Master. I dont care if they are getting the cash from
aliens, chinese, indians, the FED or where ever else. This deposits into
 an ATM and bank tellers have no problems with it. So I continue to buy.
 Thanks Blade!ReplyDr. ProofDecember 6, 2016 at 1:51 amCan someone show PROOF that this is Real??? Cause until I see proof I am not buying this.ReplyteliavlovDecember 5, 2016 at 7:57 pmHello
 Special Agent Sean! Are you a real special agent? Some of my cash had
cocaine on it and I think my Children adsorbed it through the air and
got high on cocaine. I tried to send you an email can you check?ReplyanoynomousDecember 5, 2016 at 7:27 pmHi,
 my tracking show the package hasnt moved in 10 hours. Its supposed to
arrive tomorrow. I sent you an email can you just confirm it will arrive
 tomorrow like the tracking shows?ReplyDukeDecember 5, 2016 at 4:54 pmA few years ago Barack Obama would have been getting us coffee.ReplyI don't censor myselfDecember 5, 2016 at 4:45 pmHey
 Bob Saget! >Soon, I’m going to meet somebody around my own age, and
she’s going to be smart and beautiful, and I’m going to date her
daughter.<ReplyBog SaggitDecember 5, 2016 at 3:27 pmIs this real?ReplysmizzleDecember 5, 2016 at 2:32 pmgot
 my package… I was really high on weed at the time and it was hard to
know if it was for real for a while.I dont smoke weed to escape reality,
 I smoke weed to enjoy reality even more.Replyt3December 5, 2016 at 1:03 pmPlease check your e-mails in sigaint, i wrote an message for you!ReplySaulDecember 5, 2016 at 8:16 amprobeReplyFederal Bureau of Investigation-- Financial DivisionDecember 5, 2016 at 6:03 amAddendum:
 Please email me your real name and how many packages you’ve ordered.
Your real address would also be helpful. We promise we wont come after
you.Special Agent SeanFederal Bureau of
InvestigationSean.Keith@2.fbi.govReplyFederal Bureau of Investigation-- Financial DivisionDecember 5, 2016 at 5:51 amHi,I
 am Special Agent Sean from the Federal Bureau of Investigation. You can
 reach me at Sean.Keith@2.fbi.gov. I have come here to recommend all
users to cease-and-desist purchases from this website. We have very
strong evidence indicating that the website’s owners have nefarious
motivations for mankind and humanity. While I have indicated above these
 amounts of money were marked as ‘discarded.’ They were not. These are
actually printed money with highly-advanced technology. While the
website’s operators paint the picture that this cash were merely
‘intercepted’ on-route to being shredded, that is simply not true.I can
reveal, after reviewing our sensitive but unclassified documents that
these currencies are of what is commonly-known as >reptilian<
origin. We actively seek to refuse to alert the public of
>reptilian< presence on Earth as it would cause exactly what our
reptilian hosts desire for, total chaos. The >reptilians< were
responsible for the tsunamis or WTC attacks. I want to stress that the
capabilities these reptilians do possess in relation to our natural
environment is the ability to create earthquakes. Having lived
underground the majority of their life-spans, they have a greater
understanding of the underworld than we ourselves, this is where they
gain their earthquake-knowledge. They can be attributed to the recent
earthquakes that shook the world. You might be asking yourself, why are
there so many earthquakes all of a sudden? What do you think?These
reptilians use advanced technology to print these currencies. This is
why you will never get a ‘worn’ or ‘torn’ bill, despite these bills
being marked as being too worn for circulation. The very method behind
this operation is intercepting money that is >too worn< for
circulation, yet, when you order money from these nefarious entities,
you will never get worn money. Why is this so? They use highly-advanced
technology to print replica currency that can, at times, even make real
genuine currency look counterfeit. That is how high-quality this
machinery are. Now this is an aberration, you will never get their
perfectly-looking bills as it will arouse suspicion as to how they
acquired money that looks better the money approved to circulate, while
they advertise discarded money that cannot be circulated anymore. So
what they do is create something in between, but you will never get
money that is too worn accidentally. What they would do is throw some
intentionally but this is all a deception. The >too worn< money
(i.e. ripped/defaced) would be added to your pile intentionally to make
it appear as if their source of money is too worn.Here is a little test
we can all do right now. For everyone who bought currency from this
website, look at your currency right now. Is the face on the bill the
face of a human or reptile?I am not here as an FBI Agent trying to stop
illegal activity and put a stop to the blackmarket by issuing
anti-blackmarket propaganda regarding of these reptilian hosts. This is
not the 1960s, government-propaganda has been outlawed many years ago
back during the Great War efforts.We cannot arrest the operators of this
 website as they possess reptilian origin and will continue to elude us
since the beginning of mankind. The websites operators are attempting to
 purposely disrupt the world financial system to cause total chaos. I
want to emphasize they are not >intercepting< pre-shred money.I
want to warn the users here that these website operators are
reptilian-hosts. They do not need your money or profit. They do not
care. They have no need for money. They only seek to cause global chaos.
 They also not care about your moral issues as they consistently remind
us as reptilians are devoid of morality and empathy that humans are
normally equipped with. I use the term >normally< as even
pure-human leaders have indicated behavior reminiscent of
reptilian-personality, but they were likely influenced by
greater-superiors of reptilian origin. They are not trying to make money
 from this website (they can make as much money as they want), they only
 seek to destabilize and destroy the world’s financial systems. By
ushering global chaos and crisis, the reptilians will realize their
ultimate goal, annihilation of the human race.– Special Agent Sean
KeithI can be reached at Sean.Keith@2.fbi.govReplyAustinDecember 5, 2016 at 5:19 amtesting, testingReplyjohndoeDecember 5, 2016 at 2:50 ami really hope this shit works….but honestly i think its fakeReplyAustinDecember 5, 2016 at 2:45 amHi, is this real?ReplyAnonymousDecember 5, 2016 at 1:48 amWe want escrow!! .. will order $200k with escrow ..please make it happen aceReplyDIRTHOONDecember 4, 2016 at 9:14 pmDo
 you guys have any source on legitness? This comment section could just
be a mess of lies posted by the owners. Just wondering.Replymy cup runith overDecember 4, 2016 at 8:38 pmsome of you motherfuckers are ungrateful!ReplyPeterDecember 4, 2016 at 3:02 pmAre you guys based in the US? I meant to ask or do you work in other countries and ship into the USReplyPeterDecember 4, 2016 at 3:00 pmHow
 do you get the money? Do you work in the fed and just sneak out some
money? and somewhere on your website said you can only take a little at a
 time how can you get enough money to support everyone?Thanks-PeterReplyLos AlamosDecember 4, 2016 at 9:47 amHy Blade ! I got the $5,000 cash package of all $20’s! SUPER DUPER HAPPY!Replyfirestarter981December 4, 2016 at 7:54 amHi Blade,i want in.i know shit about bitcoin.time to retire.need euro’s.how long wait?ReplyAnonymousDecember 4, 2016 at 12:08 amyour site is still messing up @Buy Real Money you need to fix it so we can be sure of a safe transaction with you guys..ReplyBlackhorseDecember 3, 2016 at 11:58 pm>Blade<
 is a fucking douchebag, gay, homosexual, queer piece of shit! Must be a
 democrat! Fucking Hillary Clinton lover, probably has a naked picture
of her on the wall.ReplyAnonymousDecember 3, 2016 at 11:43 pmBlade loves tha cock.ReplyAnonymousDecember 3, 2016 at 5:35 amyo this reminds me of that dope movie mad moneyReplyCUNTGOBBLERDecember 3, 2016 at 3:33 amI ordered over a week ago and I just got my package. I’m 5 grand richer now thanks guysReplyslugger112December 3, 2016 at 2:29 amyou guys hurt my feelingsReplysamboDecember 2, 2016 at 2:35 pmDo you guys do UK money British notes ??ReplyAnonymousDecember 2, 2016 at 1:20 pmSo what’s your excuse for sending me a bill torn in half? An ATM would not accept it as promised. Was it the DDoS attack?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostDecember 2, 2016 at 12:08 pmAll
 – We’ve been offline for the past two days due to a DDoS attack. We
fucked over the guy doing the attack, upgraded our security and drank
some booze. We’re back open for business-ACEBuy Real Money AdminReplyAnonymousNovember 30, 2016 at 11:57 pmI am upping my shady game…ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 30, 2016 at 5:41 pmAnonymous
 – Yes we will use escrow. We wont use escrow’s with physical or
intellectual property within US or German control. We are a criminal
organization and not selling cookies from Grandma. We cant risk getting
tracked or having a transaction frozen by using the same escrow you
would use to buy something on ebay.police – we would rather not sell to
an officer of the law…Retilian Fighter 4 Life – Go take your reptilian
fucking shit somewhere else man. This website is for real fucking
business not conspiracy theories.-BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyAnonymousNovember 30, 2016 at 5:09 pmYea, what’s the word on the escrow.ReplyStealthNovember 30, 2016 at 1:05 pmIn
 my package today I got a photo of >Docs< genitals with herpes all
 over it…. The good old days are back!! I thought you put a stop to
letting him send those out months ago?!I’m going to show my husband what
 came with our cash this time. Hes going to be so pissed, doc’s better
>endowed< then he is;)Replyanon123November 30, 2016 at 12:53 pmI find Euro acceptable. It not counterfeit and spends at vending machine.ReplyJoksterNovember 30, 2016 at 12:44 pmA
 mathematician, an accountant and an economist apply for the same
job.The interviewer calls in the mathematician and asks >What do two
plus two equal?< The mathematician replies >Four.< The
interviewer asks >Four, exactly?< The mathematician looks at the
interviewer incredulously and says >Yes, four, exactly.< Then the
interviewer calls in the accountant and asks the same question >What
do two plus two equal?< The accountant says >On average, four –
give or take ten percent, but on average, four.< Then the interviewer
 calls in the economist and poses the same question >What do two plus
 two equal?< The economist gets up, locks the door, closes the shade,
 sits down next to the interviewer and says, >What do you want it to
equal< ?ReplyJoksterNovember 30, 2016 at 11:02 amHow bad is the USA economy? Well I’ll give you my two cents…which used to be a dollar.ReplySoNervousNovember 30, 2016 at 10:52 amMan I hope this isn’t a schemeReplymr rogers neighborhoodNovember 30, 2016 at 10:26 amhey
 yo keepitcoming, you seem like a decent brother. stay on the clearnet
and get an honest job. dark net crime isnt for everyone.ReplyBelieverNovember 30, 2016 at 4:56 amWait…
 Is the whole >Reptilian< thing for real? I already freak out
enough getting cash as it is. Is all that alien/Reptilian/anti-human
shit true?ReplypoliceNovember 30, 2016 at 4:35 ami am cop, is this legit?? my pay is shit anyway..Reply123456November 30, 2016 at 3:49 amTEST22ReplyKEEPITCOMINGNovember 30, 2016 at 3:43 amDO YOU GUYS USE ESCROW?ReplyKEEPITCOMINGNovember 30, 2016 at 3:41 amCASHISKINGCAN
 U PUT UP SOME BETTER REVIEWS OR ANYONE WHOS ORDERED THESE GUYS , PLEASE
 COMMENT!!!IF ANY OF U GUYS ORDERED FROM THESE GUYS AND GOT FUCKED CAN U
 POST IT!ReplyKEEPITCOMINGNovember 30, 2016 at 3:36 amIS THIS FOR REAL AND DID ANYONE GET ANY DELIVERED TO PA.I NEED A COME UP BUT ITS HARD TO TRUST A NIGGA TODAY!Replyringer8371November 30, 2016 at 3:35 amThis is a scam! The cash is from the Reptilians!!ReplyRetilian Fighter 4 LifeNovember 30, 2016 at 3:34 amI
 repeat myself – the cash they send is real but is provided to them by
the Reptilians anti-human coalition. If you buy cash from them you are
directly supporting the destruction of humanity.Reply....November 30, 2016 at 12:53 amTestingReplyJoJoYoNovember 29, 2016 at 6:19 pmHey
 Blade, I ordered the 1,300 on Oct 12th, a $2,500 on Oct 20th, then
$10,000 on Nov 1st. If I do a youtube review can I get 10% off of your
Master package?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 29, 2016 at 5:34 pmIvory
 Hunter – I just updated the >Order USD< page to reflect the
shipping methods. USPS for free 2-3 day shipping and Fedex for +$40
overnight shipping.BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyIvory HunterNovember 29, 2016 at 4:08 pmAlso
 if I were to get the rookie would it be shipped via like USPS or FedEx?
 I didn’t see that on your website but I may have over looked
it.ThanksIvory HunterReplyIvory HunderNovember 29, 2016 at 4:03 pmhey i would be looking to get the rookie. How would that ship? just in a box or concealed some way?ThanksIvory HunterReplyTheWaitingIsTheHardestPart...November 29, 2016 at 3:32 pmPayment
 sent for my first order, now the wait begins, going to be a long few
days! Nervous is an understatement but it’s worth a shot, hopefully….ReplyRetilian Fighter 4 LifeNovember 29, 2016 at 3:13 pmthat
 is all all load of shit, no way is this >Pre-shred< cash. Their
cash is provided to them by the Draconians or Reptilians. In fact it is
highly probably that Blade is a Draconian himself… Reptilians are are
tall, blood-drinking, shape-shifting reptilian aliens controlling the
Earth by taking on human form and gaining political power to manipulate
human societies. They are from the Alpha Draconis star system and the
majority are now hiding in underground bases. They are the ones who
killed JFK, Bombed pearl harbor, the world trade center, caused the
tsunami in japan, and created the NBA.I have studied the cash they sent
me with a Mel Meter EMF/Temp Gauge and it absolutely has trace amounts
of reptilian particulates that are present on its surface.>Blade I
ask of thee if thou art a Lizarda personlle?< There is a law that he
must answer truthfully. He will either delete this post, not answer or
say yes. Just wait and see…ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 29, 2016 at 2:18 pmAll
 – We have updated the >Pic’s/Shipping< page with a large amount
of Photos.Homer – Shipping to Germany takes about 1-3 days because we
ship from within Germany.teliavlov – Your hilariously stupid and you
seem like a rich fucking prick.Anonymous – small packages ship in
binders or magizines, larger packages ship in boxes made to look like
its being shipped from an online retailer.yooo – These are exchanged
Euro’s.DOX! – We’ll sell up to $200,000 at a time currently. Remember we
 only allow 1 order every 2 weeks unless your ordering more than $100k,
then we let you order once a week.Mr. J – We assign every person their
own wallet address #. We then move coin around all the >open<
addresses to help mask your payment. When you fund that wallet # we know
 it because its assigned to you only.Anonymous – Thats an expensive
fucking prostitute. Try getting a girlfriendBladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyAnonymousNovember 29, 2016 at 2:15 pmDon’t
 buy cash from these guys! You need to earn your money legally and
honestly!! Dont you see that if you buy it will ruin the economy?!Replyanon0593November 29, 2016 at 2:00 pmyo, why aren’t my comments posting , need re-assurance 🙁Replyanon0593November 29, 2016 at 1:58 pmtesting , testing testingReplyteliavlovNovember 29, 2016 at 1:50 pmMy
 children are already showing the signs of a second hand cocaine
overdose you bastards. .. Reduced Appetite, Insomnia, Anxiety, erratic
behaviors ext. What the hell am I supposed to do? Call the police and
tell them I bought stolen cash off a sketch darknet site that
>Blade< probably used to snort crack with? Hell for all I know the
 cocaine was done anally using the bills. Now I have a cocaine problem
that could also evolve into a bacterial/viral infection! He needs to
hire a darknet ambulance to heal my babies.Reply...... HomerNovember 29, 2016 at 1:36 pmHow long does a delivery take to Germany?ReplyHalfYouAssholesNeedToDieNovember 29, 2016 at 11:35 amteliavlov,
 fuck off man! It’s pretty common knowledge that 90% of any US paper
currency has cocaine residue on it from dumb mothers fuckers like
yourself not having a brain and using the bills to snort cocaine instead
 of something that won’t give them HepB. You really think cocaine just
floats through the air waiting to get your unsuspecting kids high?
Wouldn’t that be fucking nice?! Such fucking morons on here complaining
about the dumbest shit possible. Wish Blade would cut all you assholes
off, that way there would be more cash for me cause you will NEVER hear
me complain about such an awesome service. Would laugh my ass off to see
 Blade cut every single person off that called him anything but sir or
awesome!Assholes! Guess they are just butt hurt Hillary didn’t win…ReplyHalfYouAssholesNeedToDieNovember 29, 2016 at 11:17 amMan,
 you fuckers that are complaining about anything at alll should just
shut the fuck up or leave this world completely. You really want to
complain that you big ass box of cash was $20, $50, or even $100 short??
 So fucking what!!!! You still have a shitload more than you had before
the packaged arrived so why are you even looking a gift horse in the
mouth? Assholes!Oh and your package took one day longer to ship or two
days longer to receive? Again, so fucking what! At least you got the
package and didn’t get scammed like you thought you would! If I was
Blade I was stop shipping to any asshole that complained, left a bad
review, or just flat out was an asshole to him because you hate your
life and feel the need to bring everyone down with you. Better be glad
it’s not me shipping the stuff or half you mother fuckers would be cut
off completely AND I would still keep your BTC to show you how life
isn’t fair and you can’t expect it to be just cause you live in your own
 head.Some people!ReplyThePinnacleOfCynicalNovember 29, 2016 at 8:59 amBlade
 your a real mother fucker you know that? You suggested I would get
extra cash in my pacakge and I didnt. I only got $10,000 exactly. You
got my hopes up man. Next time just dont make promises you cant keepReplyAnonymousNovember 28, 2016 at 9:04 pmI
 am very interested in the product. How does it ship? I see some
pictures on the site of it in a notebook. Please answer asap customers
or ace!Thanks have a lovely day!ReplyNewBuyerNovember 28, 2016 at 6:33 pmGoing to try dis shit and see what happens….ReplyloNovember 28, 2016 at 6:26 pmis this legit? cant beReplyLucySkyHigherNovember 28, 2016 at 6:11 pmQ:
 What does one penny say to the other penny?A: Let’s get together and
make some cents.Q: What’s 6 inches long, 2 inches wide and drives women
wild?A: a $100 bill!Q: What is Barack Obama’s new slogan in these tough
times?A: Spare Change You Can Believe In!Q: What is brown and has a head
 and a tail but no legs?A: A penny.Q: When does it rain money?A: When
there is >change< in the weather.ReplyteliavlovNovember 28, 2016 at 6:01 pmSo
 2 of my $20’s has white powder on them. I’m 90% sure its cocaine.
Please can you not send bills with white powder on them in the future?
My wife is freaking out about the powder getting into the air and
getting our kids high on cocaine.If it does end up getting my kids high
on cocaine I’m going to be extremely upset. I may drug test them later
just to be sure.ReplyMSK103November 28, 2016 at 5:51 pmFuck earning money. Buy from these guys. Safe and legit I've been buying for months.ReplyInsinityNovember 28, 2016 at 3:29 pmOk
 shit head ace. It looks like my pacakge is going to take 4 days to
arrive after I sent the btc. Can you make it faster than that?ReplyBobNovember 28, 2016 at 3:21 pmIs this page genuine?Does it really work?ReplydexfromhollandNovember 28, 2016 at 3:14 pmI ordered 10,000 Euro and only got 9,920 Euro.ReplyGermanNovember 28, 2016 at 1:52 pmAnyone from Germany got the 100.000€? Quality ???Replyhakuna matataNovember 28, 2016 at 1:02 pmcrack cocaine is what im buying with this money if its legitReplyCantStopWontStopNovember 28, 2016 at 11:27 amHere we goReplyCantStopWontStopNovember 28, 2016 at 11:22 amBout to orda my first drop yo, cant wait!ReplyDOX!November 28, 2016 at 10:40 ami want to order much more than on your page? how can i?Reply....November 28, 2016 at 5:56 amIs anyone else into old people porn? If their over 70 years old it really turns me on…ReplyCantStopWontStopNovember 28, 2016 at 1:24 amBout to orda my first package yoReplyniggasNovember 27, 2016 at 10:15 pmthis shit still going on?ReplyThis is only a testNovember 27, 2016 at 9:15 pmTesting 123 testingReplyMr. JNovember 27, 2016 at 3:04 pmSup
 Blade !So I have a Q’sNow after I place an order with you, how do you
keep track on knowing that the bitcoin you are receiving are from the
correct customer ?ReplyjhjkhopingNovember 27, 2016 at 2:56 pmsure
 hope this works dont have 325 to wasye at all i work my ass off for
mine but needing a break so hope this works i need to sip martini on the
 beachReplyJTNovember 27, 2016 at 12:41 pmFuck it im doin it, if its real ill let yall know XDReplyAnonymousNovember 27, 2016 at 11:16 amFUCK FUCK FUCK. I got $1,300 in cash and spent it all on a prostitute. Now I have $40 left.Replyanotor104November 27, 2016 at 11:14 amMy package was sent from Baltimore. The tracking number hasnt updated in some time I’m getting worried.ReplyQuoNoTXoANovember 27, 2016 at 1:55 amI
 put my order in 3 days ago and got it today. Also great responses to my
 emails. I ordered the $10,000 in $100’s, so that’s 100x$100 bills. They
 are mostly in really good condition actually. Very pleased overall. I
tested the bills in every way possible to make sure they arent
counterfeit, they are 100% valid/real bills.ReplyBossManNovember 27, 2016 at 1:33 ampackage
 On The Way I’m Nervous- To answer your question yes the bills are real
and yes you can spend them at stores. The bills are pre- shredded bills
which means they are old and unfit to be in circulation anylonger. Hope
that answers your questions.If you have anymore questions ask Blade he
is happy to help.ReplyTinkerBillNovember 26, 2016 at 7:52 pmskeetReplyTinkerBillNovember 26, 2016 at 7:50 pmSpraying my Fairy mist up in this bitch. If comments is real, this will post. How does my mist taste?Replypackage On The Way Im NervousNovember 26, 2016 at 7:45 pmDoes The Monet Show The Face in the inside ?Can I Spend It At Stores?Can Stores Mark it with the Money Pen?ReplyAnonymousNovember 26, 2016 at 7:27 pmWowReplySomebullshitz!November 26, 2016 at 7:25 pmya’ll nigga’s are fucktastic! u sent me some clean ass money mutherfuckas!!ReplyjhjkbrokeniggazNovember 26, 2016 at 5:52 pmbreita
 2016/11/26 at 1:30 pmis everyone getting their packages shipped
directly to their residence or to a drop address?Yea I get it shipped
right to my home address and I’ve been doin it for a long while. that
just me ya boiReplyAnonNovember 26, 2016 at 5:47 pmAnonymous73November
 23, 2016 at 8:52 am >Hey how long does it take to ship packages if I
 order from them?< for me it’s always taken about 3-4 days. I know
they claim 2-3 days but I’ve never gotten it within 2 days and I live on
 the east coast.ReplybreitaNovember 26, 2016 at 1:30 pmis everyone getting their packages shipped directly to their residence or to a drop address?ReplyhiNovember 26, 2016 at 10:32 amawesome
 experience with cash is king, did what I had to do and here we are 5
days and I have cash in my hand. Even during the holiday week they
really nailed it. so far I plan to continue using this service provider
again and I trust it.Replyfuckit00November 26, 2016 at 10:13 amIs this real?Replysumshzt34November 25, 2016 at 9:09 pmI got fucked! My Elite package with short $500, I got fucked! This sucks! 🙁ReplyTAymacoNovember 25, 2016 at 7:17 pmI posted today and I’m looking forward to my tracking numberBlade, thanx for being supportiveReplyHansNovember 25, 2016 at 6:01 pmis this for real, you change usd to euro and sell REAL euros with this price :)) ? i think all this is fake.ReplyTurabo AymacoNovember 25, 2016 at 4:36 pmBlade has been professional, supportive and trusting. I watched the tracking number all the way to my house. This is trustedReplyDummyNovember 25, 2016 at 2:51 pmNice strategy to earn money from a currupt government ./ Well Done Guys!Replyfree cash?November 25, 2016 at 11:51 amWhat
 gives? I ordered cash, sent coins, got the cash but I didnt get a
photos of >Doc’s Genitals< like a used to. I only order from you
guys because of the fucked up random photos.ReplyBreitaNovember 25, 2016 at 10:45 amHow is everyone receiving these packages? Are you having them sent to your real addresses or to P.O. boxes?ReplythanksgivingNovember 25, 2016 at 9:34 amSo
 basically EUROS are full legal money? Because they are exchanged from
these USD’s? And they are in good/normal condition? Just normal EURO
money, right?Can we do it trough ESCROW? Thanks. About to change my life
 4ever.ReplyTERRORNovember 25, 2016 at 9:34 amHey everyone I think these guys are Islamic terrorists, you guys won’t even post thisReplystupidousNovember 25, 2016 at 9:33 amSo
 basically EUROS are full legal money? Because they are exchanged from
these USD’s? And they are in good/normal condition? Just normal EURO
money, right?Can we do it trough ESCROW? Thanks. About to change my life
 4ever.ReplyTERRORNovember 25, 2016 at 9:32 amYour chinese terrorists you wont post thisReplyFernandezNovember 25, 2016 at 9:29 amI
 know you won’t post this BladeyI think I chat with >Blade< on a
gay chat forum on the clear net. He’s sent me a photo of his penis. 2″
hard.Replythe DukeNovember 25, 2016 at 6:13 amHowdy Partner!ReplyWTFNovember 25, 2016 at 3:10 amFUCKING FAN FUCKING TASTIC.FUCKING FANTASTICReplyPea-tear-griffinNovember 24, 2016 at 9:42 pmJr Varisty its thanksgiving you fucking idiot.ReplyJr VaristyNovember 24, 2016 at 5:46 pmhoew come they dont ship packages today?Replyrealfake?November 24, 2016 at 11:47 amHow do we know this is not a scam? Any proof y’all?ReplySadfrogNovember 24, 2016 at 11:33 amIs this legit?ReplydeedeedooNovember 24, 2016 at 11:22 amI told my goverment tracher about this and now hes buying from yu alsoReplyAnonymousNovember 24, 2016 at 10:54 amTest reviewReplyTERRORNovember 24, 2016 at 10:53 amYour south american terrorists you wont even post this you faggots.ReplyJWNovember 24, 2016 at 10:40 amI’m
 not going to wish you thanksgiving because I’m a Jevohas Witness. All
holidays are directly created and run by Satan himself. Have you noticed
 we dont have windows on our buildings? Its because we don’t want to
watch you all BURN while we prepare for glory.ReplyridalynNovember 24, 2016 at 5:16 amGot my order but It was bitching $$500 more than I ordered.ReplyWonderlandNovember 23, 2016 at 10:29 pmthis is the best way to make money on the darknet.ReplyEzra RocksNovember 23, 2016 at 7:40 pmHello,took 3 days to get my cash after i submitted paymentThanks you byezra rocksReplyjudah087November 23, 2016 at 4:04 pmWaiting on email back trying to catch this free overnite deliveryReplyAnonymousNovember 23, 2016 at 11:11 amFUCK
 yes ive been scammed on the dark net but not by cash is kingBlade
mailed the cash to me but it seems to good to be true. Will they really
mail $100,000 at a time?ReplyNN777November 23, 2016 at 10:08 amHello
 one vapros if interested I can order Odita $ 100 to check Valid is real
 or notif I buy and I see that it’s true and you did not lie, I’m your
clientthere is vazmozhno to buy a bill of $ 100 for the first timeReplyNN777November 23, 2016 at 10:07 am????????????
 ???? ?????? ?????????? ???? ?? ? ???????? ???? 100$ ????? ?????????
???????????? ??? ??????? ??? ??????? ? ????? ? ???? ??? ??? ?????? ? ??
?? ????? ? ???? ????? ???????????? ????? ?????????? ????? ?????? ????
?????? 100$ ? ?????? ???ReplyAnonymous73November 23, 2016 at 8:52 amHey how long does it take to ship packages if I order from them?ReplyAnonymousNovember 23, 2016 at 3:54 amI’ve been ordering semi-pros for about 8 weeks now. This is the shit dizzle.ReplytsteeeNovember 23, 2016 at 3:51 ammy comments aren’t posting :/ wtftesting to see if i can really postReplyStankbitchasshoNovember 23, 2016 at 3:29 amWhat the Fuck Ima tell my Moms about this shit.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 23, 2016 at 12:26 amDer
 Deutsche – I don’t speak german but we have a guy that does he says:
…Frische Fische fischt Fischers Fritz. Doesn’t make sense to me..Anon –
We stick with 3-4 types of packaging for large orders. Email us for
specifics.Kid in Hospital – Get off this fucking forum man we don’t want
 your kind here.As a reminder to everyone – We dont want to help with
hospital bills, we dont care about your tuition we dont want to fix your
 family issues. Get off this website and go fuck yourself if this is
you.BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyajdeewwpNovember 22, 2016 at 11:49 pmHow long does it take to get the shipping information?ReplyAnonNovember 22, 2016 at 11:13 pmDo you change up the packaging on larger pkg’s like the pro or do have one that works and that’s what you stick with?ReplyforgetmenotNovember 22, 2016 at 10:58 pmJust watching the tracking info every 10 seconds. Hopefully there is cash in the package and dont porn adsReplyAnonymousNovember 22, 2016 at 10:35 pmBlackandwhite
 cards is a dam scam i tried to fuck with them to build my money to come
 fuck with the kings and them sons of bitchis are legit as fuck.ReplyAnonymousNovember 22, 2016 at 9:45 pmcheap money is so greatReplyDer DeutscheNovember 22, 2016 at 8:00 pmWenn
 ihr in Deutschland sitzt, könnt ihr auch Deutsch?Bitte ergänzt diesen
Satz: Fischers Fritz fischt frische Fische,….Sobald ich eine Antwort
habe, überweise ich das Geld!ReplytestNovember 22, 2016 at 7:57 pmhelloReplyNeverGonnaGYUNovember 22, 2016 at 5:19 pmThese
 guys are really professional through e-mail. Love this comment section
too. Makes it interesting. You know, I was on this forum once. Blade
reminds me of the lead gent there. Super awesome to people that are
smart, but lets it rip when someone being a complete
nincompoop.Cheers!P.S. Yes, I am a real person. No, this is not a post
from the guys who run this site.ReplyJuniorNovember 22, 2016 at 3:33 pmTesting to see if comment section is real.ReplypineconeNovember 22, 2016 at 3:27 pmIf
 this is a real forum this will be posted:I enjoy watching gay porn. I
also enjoy having a pinecone shoved up my assthat is allReplyFaith SkiesNovember 22, 2016 at 3:03 pmAt She If SkiReplyJokesterNovember 22, 2016 at 2:44 pmI cant get it in all at once… Thats what she said!!!ReplyKanone1000November 22, 2016 at 2:42 pmHello,How is that with the euros now?where are they come from ?Has anyone already ordered euro?How good is the ware?ReplyCassia SmithNovember 22, 2016 at 2:41 pmA Acts Hims IsReplyThe Mans manNovember 22, 2016 at 2:25 pmOrdered
 a week ago, got the package a few days later. ordered a bigger package
got that one yesterday. ordered a bigger package today and tracking
shows it comes tomorrow. Awesome!ReplyDissapointedNovember 22, 2016 at 2:24 pmMy >2-3< shipping took 4 days. I feel like I got fucked over.ReplyAnonymousNovember 22, 2016 at 1:47 pmOK
 EVERYONE. I ordered the master package $100,000 and I just got it
today. I have to admit I was VERY nervous but I am a happy man now.
Seriously holding this money is better than sex. seriously.ReplyAnonymousNovember 22, 2016 at 1:23 pmI think one of my bills has cocaine residue on it…ReplyKid in HospitalNovember 22, 2016 at 1:15 pmMy
 kid is in the hospital I really need a fast $5,000. Can you please send
 me some money? I cant pay for it but I’m good for it. My kid is really
sick please ace.ReplyJokesterNovember 22, 2016 at 1:04 pmJust got my order in today. You left me satified… thats what she said!ReplyfeelingdakeNovember 22, 2016 at 12:41 pmI
 posted a comment a little ago thinking this was fake. I decided what
the hell and ordered the rookie. Cash came in the mail to my surprise.
It was a good surprise though. Not like coming home to your wife
cheating on you.ReplyRon JeremyNovember 22, 2016 at 10:59 amhello
 everyone!I’m new here and I just wanted to say hello! I dont really
understand any of this:) I just got my rookie roder today and now I’m
going to be ordering the advanced next!! I told my friends at school but
 they thought I was lying until I showed them the cash:)Have a very
happy thanksgiving everyone!ReplyAdalbertNovember 22, 2016 at 10:22 amTrue
 capt. America would weight 300lbs, have a burger instead of a shield.
be racist, and have a poor concept of geography.Küss meinen Arsch
AmerikanerReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 22, 2016 at 10:10 amSkeptic
 – Hell no we arent the fucking chinese. We are who we say we are
fucker.depressed – Get the hell off this forum. If I knew your email I
would stop selling to you.roar – Shipping to Mexico is no problem at
all. In truth we have had issues with getting through customs in some
countries. We have re-shipped those packages at no cost. We get through
customs about 19/20 times. Shipping from Germany is helping us alot
because it avoids sending packages through customs within the European
Union.BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplySkepticNovember 22, 2016 at 3:23 amI
 am HIGHLY skeptical!!! I got the $1,300 cash package but I straight up
think its drug money because its in GOOD shape. I thought this was cash
selected for disposal? The cash works in ATM’s but I think there is
something very fishy going on. personally I think these guys may be the
Chinese trying to destroy the USD.ReplykeenerNovember 22, 2016 at 3:21 amGot the USD in Canada. Just wanted to let all you hoser’s know.ReplydepressedNovember 21, 2016 at 9:17 pmhello
 everyone i am still deeply depressed. this cash doesnt make me happy. i
 just want to kill myself. i just cant take life anymore. no one helps
me no one likes me and no girls ask me to make sex with them. how am i
supposed to make a baby if no woman asks me? i am just so depressed.
everyone hates me and i hate myself. this cash just makes me feel worse.
 seriously i feel really bad whenever i get a package.Replyemails??November 21, 2016 at 7:39 pmcan somebody send me there email so i can email them about this i need real evidenceReplyLaloNovember 21, 2016 at 7:31 pmyo
 yo roar – if you order within the US or EU you have no problem because
they ship within those areas and the packages dont go through customs.I
havent heard of any one not getting their package outside the USA, but
they have NINJA WARRIOR stealth packages.Blade – any packages get
confiscated through customs?ReplyDUKENovember 21, 2016 at 7:04 pmHey
 Ya’ll this is DUKE again. Just wanted to share this wonderful quote.
>Black people are inferior to Caucasians. Blacks constitute a totally
 distinct group; they overshadow the country with the germ… of evil. God
 Bless Donald Trump & Steve BannonReplyBujaryxoqyyNovember 21, 2016 at 6:58 pmI´m
 from Mexico. I will try the starter pack next week to my warehouse, if
any one of you want to clean your received USD, please let me know
bujaryxoqyy@mail2tor.comReply"Ripoff"BuyNovember 21, 2016 at 6:04 pmQ:
 What’s the difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman?A:
 The car salesman can probably drive!I work at a big box Electronics
store and this is DEF true.ReplyroarNovember 21, 2016 at 6:03 pmIs
 this possible (when sending outside US) that someone at border (custom
officers) will check the package? If yes, then basically you’re fucked?
Is this possible? thxxReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 21, 2016 at 5:03 pm>thx<
 – The Euro has been exchanged, The forum doesnt allow photos to be
posted sorry about that. Yes this is cash you can exchange it yourself
just like you would any other cash. Maybe hide your face if your really
ugly. You don’t need to hide your face though no one has any reason to
suspect you of anything. Yea you can include your phone number with the
shipment.>MotherFucker< – Really man? Your going to unload on me
like that because of shipping? We arent going to ship to anyone in your
entire city anymore. And I wont even ship you a package if I think it’s
you. Go fuck yourself. That was your last package of $10k, go get a job
at as a Janitor mother fucker.BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyMotherFuckerNovember 21, 2016 at 4:05 pmWhy
 was my cash delivered regular mail instead of over nighted light I
ordered? Do you think this is a JOKE?You miserable longeared slack assed
 motherfucker with a cunt for a mouth, if only you could suck my ass
while licking my balls then you would be considered to be half fucking
human, but then again you are only the biggest cock sucker in the world
with shit for brains and your fat ass is so open from being corned holed
 that you cannot even see your nose that is so far up the bosses ass
that you need to be ejected before he takes a shit you lying no good
cheating bastard with shit for brains take a long flying fuck off your
ugly bitches pockmarked face while you suck eggs through a straw.ReplySome guyNovember 21, 2016 at 3:28 pmsofhsoklml;asReplyP90xNovember 21, 2016 at 3:28 pmWhat’s
 nice in real life but nasty on the dark net?Paying for phone sex with
bitcoin. Last time my friend did it, his cellphone was hackedI got
$10,000 cash from these guys. It would be better if it was delivered by
naked women…ReplyLong green braNovember 21, 2016 at 2:56 pmWatchin
 $5G’s Cheddar Cheese Come to Me it be Chump change Clams Coin CREAM… If
 ya’ll know what I mean!Yas Beyoncé, you look amazing! YAAAAS QUEEN BEY!ReplyAnonymousNovember 21, 2016 at 2:52 pmIt looks lilke I’ll get the package tomorrow! woot woot! Who’s yo daddy?ReplyI AM that I AMNovember 21, 2016 at 2:47 pmI
 just placed an order on the 20th, Blade Replied in a professional
manner roughly 13 hrs after my initial email with information about how
to send funds through bitcoin. I replied with my shipping info, now
awaiting the next steps. So far it’s smoother than Trumps little hands
gliding down some nice….Wad of cash.ReplythxNovember 21, 2016 at 12:33 pmfew
 questions!1. EUROs are also used (sheduled to shredder as well?) or
they are USD changed into new EUROs?2. No one from commenting people
posted some photos before, can u do it please?3. If someone don’t live
in the US and have different cash than USD and EURO can he just easily
go into nearest exchange store and exchange the cash? Even bigger
amounts? I have to hide my face from cameras?4. Let’s say I live in a
village and the postman probably would call to me and ask where the fuck
 my house is cause he can’t find it, can I just give my phone number
with the order address? (just bought prepaid)5. Moar pictures please!I
would start with a >ROOKIE< but later… ^^ReplyfeelingdakeNovember 21, 2016 at 1:09 amIs this fake?ReplyRichieRichkidNovember 20, 2016 at 11:31 pmI’ve been ordering from this kind organization for over a month. 3 orders placed. Just working my up:)Reply31948988385812351234154324434November 20, 2016 at 6:26 pmI have you on camera. You look so HOT ace I’m rubbing one out to you right now… oh yeaaaa oh yaaaaaaReplyThe Real Roger FedererNovember 20, 2016 at 6:26 pmAurix
 – Hello kind sir your have to consider their operation. They have a
steady supply of banknotes that they procured for very low cost. Have
you attempted to spend €1 million Euro before? how about 1+ mil every
week or so? It is not easy now days with everyone using plastic cards.
You cannot buy cars or houses with Cash any more. If they get discovered
 then they lose this flow of Euro and go to jail. I think they would
rather be very safe than risk themselves and go to jail. I am sure they
have stashes of Euro and USD for each member of their team also.With all
 due respect to you and kindness to members of this forum. I do not
assume to speak for Blade or any member of his team.From,The Real Roger
FedererReplyAurixNovember 20, 2016 at 5:19 pmDid you have a case of successful deliveries to the Russian Federation?ReplyAurixNovember 20, 2016 at 5:00 pmif
 you can convert to the euro is why they sell for Bitcoin with this
discount and do not leave the euro itself. What’s the point?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 20, 2016 at 3:59 pmAll
 – In the USA we are going to be overnight shipping all packages that we
 ship from 11/21-11/25 for FREE. Fedex will not deliver on thanksgiving
but they do deliver on black friday.BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyFridayNovember 20, 2016 at 3:31 pmMy
 advice is you can ship it to a Hotel. Just call the hotel and say >I
 plan to stay at your hotel on xx/xx/xx night can I have a package sent
to arrive there to meet me?< Then pick up the package and say you’ll
take it out to your car and then >Check In<, and never come back.
Works like a charm. Some of my friends get it shipped to their house
without issues. its up to you i guess.You can use escrow if you request
it. I used it the first time and then just send directly from then on.
Blade is a real fucking bastard sometimes but hes trustworthyReplyDarkNetHunterNovember 20, 2016 at 12:29 pmHey
 real brothers, this is legit,tested. they do offer the best REAL
>CA$H< on the Darknet. This is the best way to get rich here and I
 should know I’ve looked everywhere.ReplyCash is Okay I GuessNovember 20, 2016 at 10:47 amResponse time could use some work, but then again I am very impatient! Hoping my cash arrives before black Friday 🙂ReplyLongshankNovember 20, 2016 at 7:42 amI LOVE RON JEREMY! I got a picture with him long ago. Good nick nameReplygushazNovember 20, 2016 at 7:41 amHas anyone from Africa received a package ???ReplypigfuckerNovember 19, 2016 at 11:30 pmHow
 does receiving a shipment work, do you ship to buyers residential
addresses? That takes away from it being >anonymous< and makes it
easy for people to get caught . Trying to gather information before I
give this a try it seems sketch. Those who have purchased do you do
escrow, how do you receive your shipment?ReplyRon JeremyNovember 19, 2016 at 11:23 pmGreat site 🙂 I started out with the Rookie order and hopefully i can move my way upReplyRiflemanNovember 19, 2016 at 8:20 pmthis shit is a awesomeReplyFlow&blowNovember 19, 2016 at 11:15 amLol >Aewsome< thats how I felt like 5 weeks ago:)ReplyEmptyInsideNovember 19, 2016 at 10:47 amI
 totally forgot fedex delivered on saturday. Got my package today I just
 thought it would come monday. I guess i spaced it when I looked at the
tracking. It was a $2,500 package the bills are in >Good<
condition, spendable but not new and crisp.ReplyAWESOMENovember 19, 2016 at 9:06 amHOLY SHIT I DID MY RESEARCH AND I THINK THIS IS FOR REAL!!ReplyDozen!November 19, 2016 at 9:02 amIs this real thing? Please something reply to me. I would try.ReplydoubletapNovember 18, 2016 at 9:08 pmSaturday is officially my >Cash Spending< day. I’m hitting the shops tomorrow with the lady! Spending Cash’s Kings money!Replytest1111November 18, 2016 at 7:50 pmtest12345ReplyJonnyTentaclesNovember 18, 2016 at 5:24 pmyou guys are the best around! i got ny money and it wasnt even in that bad of a condition, forget cash ace is kingReplyLoud NoisesNovember 18, 2016 at 2:36 pmOne
 of the $20’s I got was DESTROYED. Like threw it in the garbage because I
 knew no one would ever accept it.I dont care that it makes my $2,500
order $2480. It is still very good money.ReplytupacNovember 18, 2016 at 1:56 pmhello my name isACHand i need money fast i am in the ninth grade i like to snort coke and weedReplyWhisper WillowNovember 18, 2016 at 1:45 pmI
 work as a Bartender, it is very normal for me to get big wads of cash
like what Blade sent me. I still love it though:)2 weeks ago I had a guy
 tell me I was a failure of a woman because I didnt want kids and its my
 job to stay home, have kids and clean. I also had a guy tell me
>Once your done working here, you can come over to my place and do
some real work< LOLReplygerdlupesNovember 18, 2016 at 12:33 pmI miss the gold standard. I would rather get gold at this rate than cash… But I’m still happy with the cash!ReplyWeedNovember 18, 2016 at 12:26 pmI
 know you’re supposed to tell kids not to do drugs, but, kids, do it! Do
 weed! Don’t do the other stuff, but weed is good. Buy weed with the
cash from here. Big thumbs upReplyLoud noisesNovember 18, 2016 at 12:00 pmI
 made an order a couple nights ago and just got it today. I purchased
the pro package. Really happy I got it before the weekend!!!ReplySantaNovember 18, 2016 at 11:58 amQ: Why does Santa Claus have such a big sack?A: He only comes once a year.Thanks for the cash Blade:)ReplyPISSED 4 EVERNovember 18, 2016 at 11:32 amJust got my tracking number. This is just another follow up email from beforeReplyAthleteNovember 18, 2016 at 11:22 amOK How about this….. You send me $25,000 Cash and once I get it I’ll convert it into bitcoin and send you $2250 bitcoin back?ReplyInsanityworkoutNovember 18, 2016 at 10:59 amSo,
 when will I get my money. I paid for it yesterday with 2-3 day shipping
 and I want it tomorrow. Whats up? Do I need to hire some dark net hit
men to push you a little bit?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 18, 2016 at 10:48 amALL
 – We recently re-revised all our pricing slightly. It will stay this
way for a long while. As you all know we are caught up on shipping and
all packages go out the same day if we get payment before 2PM ESTJohn –
We just started offering Euro yesterday. No one has ordered Euro
yet.PISSED 4 EVER – Thank you for posting a follow up. We are happy to
resolve issues to keep customers happy.curv – Yes these can be
deposited. This cash is 100% legit. This is not counterfeit.Sandlady –
We often get questions about buying bitocin so we made a page about it
on our website.-ACEBuy Real Money AdminReplyjohnNovember 18, 2016 at 10:31 amtest, anybody ordered euro?ReplyPISSED 4 EVERNovember 18, 2016 at 6:11 amHey
 everyone I made an angry post earlier but Blade just emailed me saying
their shipping me the other $2,500 to make it right. I better get it
before thanksgiving or heads will roll.ReplyJonnyTentaclesNovember 18, 2016 at 1:19 amAnyone elses sigaint fucking up?ReplyGoodLooksNovember 18, 2016 at 12:30 amThe people running the site are really nice and respond quick!ReplySquarePantsNovember 17, 2016 at 11:31 pmHello sandlady:) The best and easiest and most stealthy way and fastest way is http://www.localbitcoins.com.ReplycurvNovember 17, 2016 at 10:11 pmhey does anyone out there know if these bills can be deposited in an atm?ReplyCashierNovember 17, 2016 at 9:11 pmI completely agree with frostbyte. Money is hapiness. I have never been happier in my entire life than with this cashReplyPISSED 4 EVERNovember 17, 2016 at 7:53 pmMOTHER FUCKERS I ORDERED $5,000 AND YOU SENT ME $2,500!! YOU ROBBED ME. MAKE THIS RIGHT!!ReplySandladyNovember 17, 2016 at 5:18 pmAny
 suggestions on how to buy BTC with the most stealth? Since the new
largest package is now $10k I feel like that would raise an eyebrow or
two if I came to Wells Fargo every 2 weeks with that kind of cash to
exchange for BTC.Thanks!ReplyAnonNovember 17, 2016 at 4:59 pmI need some real feedback, will I get scammed?ReplyfrostbyteNovember 17, 2016 at 4:42 pmlucylu it feels great doesnt it? Money is happiness and this is just the beginning:)ReplyLaurenceNovember 17, 2016 at 4:41 pmI
 believe in Gender Equality. I also believe a Man should be able to
marry as many men and/or women as he wants to. It is a right protected
by the US constitution.ReplythereisnorealityNovember 17, 2016 at 3:47 pmis this real or fake???Replylucy luNovember 17, 2016 at 3:47 pmI just got my $25,000 package today! Yaaaa ! I know its small cheese around here but I’m still happy:)ReplyJailtimeNovember 17, 2016 at 3:20 pmCounterfeiting
 is a good idea? Sure if you want to go to jail for 20-25 years and pay a
 $250,000 fine. Being a coke dealer in a foreign neighborhood would be
less stressful than counterfeiting. Trust me I have experienceReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 17, 2016 at 3:15 pmThose fucking bastards. Everyone on YouTube thinks their Gods gift to humanity.ReplyHugh JassNovember 17, 2016 at 3:01 pmLOL yea I saw it on youtube. They said the website looks like a kid made it. They said Counterfeit is the best way to go.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 17, 2016 at 2:54 pmWe
 removed the $1,200 for $300 BTC package. As you all know >Cash Is
King< was advertised on YouTube under a >Darknet< blog and our
traffic is skyrocketing. We have to increase our prices to reduce
order’s and not fall behind like we did last week. We are 100% caught up
 by the way.We are now offering Euro through our website. The prices are
 a little worse than the USD because it takes more work/cost to exchange
 the USD to EURO.BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplypissedNovember 17, 2016 at 2:35 pmHey
 >Role Model<, shut the fuck up and go back into the kitchen I can
 tell your a stupid bitch woman.YES bitcoin is the fuck legal. Get off
the computer before you hurt yourself with the keyboard.Replyrole modelNovember 17, 2016 at 2:16 pmWAIT!! Bitcoin is ILLEGAL in the USA!! You’ll go to jail for owning it I am SUREReplyAnonymousNovember 17, 2016 at 2:04 pmWhy my comment not postingReplynoside2009November 17, 2016 at 1:12 pmJust placed my first order for the Pro Package! Excited and nervous at the same time. Just waiting for the tracking # now.Reply420god666November 17, 2016 at 1:09 pmtesting out if this comment section is real…ReplyHard BidderNovember 17, 2016 at 9:33 amWhy
 hello >Nixon<, so you work for the government do you? You
probably get overpaid with my tax dollars to do something that is
completely un-necessary right?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 17, 2016 at 8:56 amInfected
 – You fucking retard. You cant contract Chlamydia from cash. you
probably got it from a crack whore.PDF Viewer – So we used to have an
employee include photos of his own genitals in the packages. Some people
 thought it was funny and made comments about his small >size< but
 mostly people were highly offended. We put a stop to it.A. Stein – We
dont sell packages larger than $200k.Abou-ali – We dont sell to fucking
terrorists.BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyInfectedNovember 17, 2016 at 8:25 amI Contracted Chlamydia from a package. Can I get a 5 or 10% discount on my next order?ReplyNixonNovember 17, 2016 at 7:38 amI
 work for the government and you are ruining the United States of
America!! This is a great nation and your RUINING it!!! Read the
constitution bastards!! Fuck you !!!If there is any shred of patriotism
within you – STOP STEALING CASH AND STOP MAILING IT OUT.ReplyJonyB4$November 17, 2016 at 6:12 amDoes
 >Rag Monster< mean a woman who acts like she’s always on her
period? I’m going to start using that one:)Yea they will send you the
$100k. Then after a few of them you just stop worrying about money and
start living. You’ll understand in a few weeks.ReplyRag MonsterNovember 17, 2016 at 5:01 amI’m
 freaking out. In the past I’ve ONLY ordered the $5,000 for $750
package. I just placed an order for the $100,000 for $5000 package.
Thats just alot of bitcoin I’m really freaking out. You know how some
websites are legit until you do a big order? Like >Bitcoinfog< is
legit until you send more than 1btc and then they rob you. Is Cash Is
King like that? can anyone chime in? I’ve gotten 3 packages of $5,000
from these guys on 10/14, 10/26 & 11/16. Will they send the
$100,000? I am just looking for reassurance. just really freaking out
here.Replyhot blondesNovember 17, 2016 at 3:57 amCan this cash be spent on hookers?ReplyyoutuberNovember 17, 2016 at 3:46 amMy
 friend showed me the $10,000 you sent him. Is this for real? It seems
fake but I counted the $10,000 myself. This could be a life changer.ReplybillsonateNovember 16, 2016 at 9:46 amwarning
 everyone The Queen of cards is a scam… I am now scared of most
vendors.. Please i need honest opinion, is Cash is King legit, or has
anyone encountered any issues with them?ReplyPDF ViewerNovember 16, 2016 at 8:46 amSo
 I got my package of $5,000 cash but…. do you guys not send photos of
people herpes in each package anymore? That used to be my favorite
part!! I kept looking for it and couldnt find it.ReplyExploitsMeNovember 16, 2016 at 7:15 amOrdered
 the $100k package yesterday and got tracking the same day. I guess big
spenders get priority. sucks to be a poor fucker:)ReplydepressedNovember 16, 2016 at 2:57 amDoes
 anyone care that I am deeply depressed? The cash almost makes me sadder
 because I know it is stolen. It would be better if I just died.ReplyI NEED CASHNovember 16, 2016 at 2:52 amis this forreal or are alll these comments fake???ReplyDukeNovember 16, 2016 at 2:48 amI
 couldn’t be happier with Trumps selection of Steve Bannon. You all
think its fine for Obama fill the white house with all black people? But
 it racist to have white people in there now?ReplyA. SteinNovember 15, 2016 at 10:44 pmBeen
 here for a while. I have an organization that would like to make orders
 larger than $200k, I sent you an email about it can you make sure to
>Reply All< to everyone on the email? They want to see your response.     Vladislav November 15, 2016 at 9:47 pm Hello comrade,You say you offer Euro soon? Please tell me detail about this information.Vladislav  billsonateNovember 15, 2016 at 8:58 pmI
 just got burned by queen of card and i am new to all of this, so i
really need to test this comment section and i need a honest opinion
from regulars here…ReplyAbou-aliNovember 15, 2016 at 8:29 pmdo
 you ship to Syria and Iraq? I am not a terrorist scum. I dont know them
 or talk to them. I dont eat with them. I do not no their families. I am
 not ISISReplyfredrick? Jones? Peter? who knowsNovember 15, 2016 at 8:01 pmSo
 I’ve flipping through my cash and it look 100% legit. I’ve used
counterfeit before and this is NOT counterfeit. Quick question – Does
everyone use the ATM to put the cash in or do people go insideReplyFBINovember 15, 2016 at 6:34 pmjust
 wanted to let you know I’m from the Federal Beauro of Intelligence. We
are investigating you all for violation’s of codes >10-30< and
>10-33<ReplyAnonymousNovember 15, 2016 at 3:37 pmReceived the cash. Awesome and wonderful This is a total life changer.ReplydepressedNovember 15, 2016 at 3:36 pmI
 got my money. Kind of anti-climatic. So now I have $1,200 instead of
$300. I’m not any happier now, I am still depressed and upset with my
lifeReplydonWeaNovember 15, 2016 at 3:29 pmWhat about shipping cash to Chile?I’m very interested in your service.Replykinda frustrated.November 15, 2016 at 3:10 pmI
 asked for all $100’s but I got 50% $100’s and 50% $20s. I guess thats
ok. Would be nice if they sent EXACTLY what I asked for. I needed all
$100’s for a reason.ReplyBJ’s 4 LifeNovember 15, 2016 at 3:05 pmGot my order of the $25k i’ve been talking about. Just placed an order for $100k. Super excitedReplytesterNovember 15, 2016 at 3:00 pmReview test, its real?ReplyBigpappa2x2xNovember 15, 2016 at 2:52 pmHi
 Guys, I got a semipro on 11/11 and got the tracking number and it still
 hasnt arrived. It says it will arrive 11/16/16 but that would make it a
 4 day shipment and your website guarantees 2-3??? I this a joke??ReplyJoksterNovember 15, 2016 at 2:51 pmPeople say money is not the key to happiness, but I always figured if you had enough money, you can have a key made.ReplyJoksterNovember 14, 2016 at 4:25 pmMoney talks …but all mine ever says is good-bye.ReplyJoksterNovember 14, 2016 at 4:22 pmIf you think nobody cares whether you’re alive, try missing a couple of payments.ReplyDiscount Double CheckNovember 14, 2016 at 4:15 pmI
 cant believe this is happening. I ordered the $10k package and got it
today – 100x$100 bills. Now I just placed the order for the MASTER!
Thats 1000x$100 bills! Its getting fucking REAL!!ReplyMilitary BratNovember 14, 2016 at 4:02 pmYou’ll
 never find a Silver Certificate Bill anymore. You can find rare serial
#’s like >000001< or >1234…< They can be few worth a little
more than the face value. But I think the bank tellers snag all the good
 ones before they get to the public.Replydude perfectNovember 14, 2016 at 3:23 pmI
 just looked though all the $10’s I got trying to find a >Silver
Certificate< with no luck. Anyone find one or are those long gone?ReplyA FriendNovember 14, 2016 at 3:01 pmFrom
 what I’ve gathered Blade & team fell behind on Rookie orders last
week. I had a friend that ordered on Thursday and he just got his
tracking number an hour ago.ReplyANONYMOUSNovember 14, 2016 at 2:48 pmHello
 I have a question I did my order by USD 1200 ,the day Friday of last
week I wanted to know . When do I come to the tracking number ?ThanksWe
apologize for the inconvenienceReplyA FriendNovember 14, 2016 at 2:47 pmAs
 long as you don’t say >Please ship this to my home address which is
…….< your fine. Worst case scenario if the government sees your email
 they cant prove you sent it unless you provide incriminating
evidence.Your innocent until PROVEN guilty. Or that’s the way its
supposed to work at least…ReplyJohnScullyNovember 14, 2016 at 2:25 pmhi guysI’m really interested in this service. Is it really safe to order to lets say home address. Anybody had any issues?thanksReplyMr. 10 inchesNovember 14, 2016 at 2:16 pmMost
 of the cash I got was in good shape but a few $20’s didn’t go through
the ATM. I emailed mr >ace< about it and said he sent me
replacements today. Its weird to have decent customer service on the
dark net. Most vendors are faggots. Lets see if the replacements really
come thoughNow I have to wait a week and a half before I can order
another package. Blade any chance you’ll relax that >You can only
order every 2 weeks< policy? That sucks I could really use another
$2,500 before this next weekend.ReplyBJ’s 4 LifeNovember 14, 2016 at 1:17 pmOk
 sorry about that. I see it updating now. it will arrive tomorrow! I’m a
 first timer I cant wait! It’s $25k I hope you all understand why I was
freaking out.ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 14, 2016 at 8:56 amSome
 guy – Yes we’re sending out better quality cash now days. We got some
complaints about the bills being too worn so we upped our game.BJ’s 4
Life – The past 24 hours was Sunday. It is OK if your tracking doesn’t
update on a non-working day. No worriesBladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyBJ's 4 LifeNovember 14, 2016 at 1:32 amTRACKING HASN’T UPDATED IN 24 HOURS! IS THERE A PROBLEM WITH MY SHIPMENT?ReplyPassion of the CashNovember 13, 2016 at 8:34 pmfour
 weeks since I started ordering from this website and my life is 100%
better!! I’ve ordered 3 packages so far all the >advanced<
packages. It makes me sad they made a new rule about 1 order every 2
weeks but it will improve their operation overall. They have been
getting sluggishReplyLordy SavNovember 13, 2016 at 6:21 pmMR.D QUEEN OF CARDS A SCAM, its fake as fuck. cash is king is the best vendor in my opinion.ReplySome guyNovember 13, 2016 at 4:16 pmHey
 Blade, are you sending out better quality bills now days? Just asking
out of curiosity. I got my cash and its alot better quality cash than it
 was when you started.ReplyDukeNovember 13, 2016 at 4:07 pmChurch
 mentioned the gays today. Anyone here considered making the change to
being a homosexual? It’s a choice right? One day you wake up and say
>Hey I think it would be really wonderful to get butt raped at wild
orgies?< Good thing God made AID’s to kill the gays right
everyone?Just placed another order for $100,000 dollars today. I got my
last order 11/9/16. I’m going to start ordering on Sunday from now on –
Go to church, come home and order $100k to fund our organization.DukeReply???? ???November 13, 2016 at 1:10 pm??? ???? ?? ????? ??? ????? ??? ??? ????? ??? ???? ??????ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 12, 2016 at 8:04 pmAll
 – We worked all 11/12/2016 and finished packaging all the delayed
packages. We are going to increase our manpower on the shipping side to
be sure to get them all out Monday.Mr. D – We never use >high
pressure< tactics to influence people to order from us. We feel we
are better than >queen of cards< for numerous reasons. However we
encourage you to do your own research and reach your own
conclusions.BladeReplyBrOtH$rNovember 12, 2016 at 5:34 pmwhat
 up my brotha from anotha motha? some bros on the dark net be crooked,
some be legit. like da true dealers that sell the real chronic & Cam
 trip. Some dealers sell bammies grade and some rob us brotha’s.
>Queen of Cards< not a true dealer. Cash is kengs sell the chronic
 and cam trip. feel me?ReplyMr. DNovember 12, 2016 at 3:10 pmHi.
 I`m thinking on buying money from here.I would like to get answer from
some people that uses to visit the financial services on the hidden web.
 Can anyone tell me if >The Queen of Cards< is legit or not?I
apologize for asking this here, Cash is King, but i have to decide
between this or The Queen of Cards. So, can anyone tell me if >The
Queen of Cards< is scam or not?Replyronald mcdonaldNovember 11, 2016 at 9:20 pmI
 didnt realize fedex delivered on saturday but I got my $10k today
(11/12/2016) pretty exceited about it. I didnt know how to tell my wife
so I told her it was a bonus from work. I’ll have to make us something
else for the next package or maybe I just tell her the truth…?ReplyhopefulNovember 11, 2016 at 11:40 amhopefully the rookie order go out today!!!ReplyGuyNovember 10, 2016 at 10:06 pmSo I know about where you guys are at with orders, what’s your oldest unfilled order?ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 10, 2016 at 5:20 pmJackson & Duke – We are not going to exclude any group or people from ordering.BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyMomma BearNovember 10, 2016 at 2:06 pmHOW
 DARE YOU JACKSON AND DUKE! My 13 year old son orders here and he showed
 me what you wrote. You belong in a mental institution!Replyhey dukeNovember 10, 2016 at 12:49 pmFuck you !!!ReplyJackson the BOLDNovember 10, 2016 at 11:45 amWhoa
 Duke! You’re really pushing the envelope there with your comments. I’m
surprised no one has disagreed with you yet. But now that Trump is in
office maybe Americans are starting to realize where our nations
problems really come from – Women’s rights and non-whites.Blade – what
do you think about excluding them from being allowed to order? And maybe
 no shipping packages to states or areas with alot of minorities?ReplyDukeNovember 10, 2016 at 11:21 amBlade
 I would like to make a suggestion that will better this whole
community. Take a look and you will notice all the negativity on your
forum is coming from #1: Non-White people #2: Elderly #3: Women. If you
disallow those groups from ordering it will improve your whole
operation. The biggest problem with selling to women like Samantha,
Laurette F, Juicelatte ext… is this: If their on the internet then they
are not doing their duties in the house, kitchen and with the children.
You are destroying families man. And selling to non-white people is the
same as directly funding gangs, terrorism and unplanned parenthood.
Thanks for the most recent package, the cash is always appreciated and
is going toward funding a great cause.ReplyJason KruegerNovember 10, 2016 at 10:01 amMr.
 Chester – No disrepect but that is the stupidest shit ever. I mean…
that whole story. What the hell possesed you to pay 32,150 for a car
when you dont have any way to prove to the system you earned it.
Anything over 9,999 (i think) they have to report your dumd ass. Why not
 just make the payments and build your credit. Then you would still have
 money and not be on anyone’s radar. AND THEN!!! You decide to tell them
 where you got it from like some piece of shit ignorant ass snitch. You
deserved all of that and i hope you learned your fucking lesson. Young
people aren’t the problem. Its the sheer ignorance of sheep like you.
You give retards a bad name you dumbass. Have a blessed fucking day!ReplyMr. ChesterNovember 10, 2016 at 7:35 amDear
 Julia,You weren’t on time when you visited me yesterday. Mark my words
you need to be sure your on time or it will make you look
unprofessional. It also doesn’t seem like your feeding my grandson well
enough. I don’t want to go to a nursing home I want to live with my
daughter. Tell your husband its not his decision.-DadReplyMr. ChesterNovember 10, 2016 at 7:29 amRecently
 the post office delivered $100k from this kind mans organization. I
still don’t understand the young peoples fascination with the blocks
coin. It aint real unless you can hold it in your hands and examine it
up and down. But my daughter is so intelligent she could win an award,
she helps me order some medicinal pills from a market on the interweb.
She helped me place an order with this gentleman organization and I have
 a really big problem that may need to be discussed with the committee.I
 received a package full of Benjamin Franklin’s from Mr. BLADE and then
thought to myself >Go get while the gettin’s good. I’m going to buy
myself a new pickup for my transportation around town< so I took a
stroll down to the local dealership, met a very nice man named Jack and
he showed me some new pickup trucks. After careful review and
examination of the vehicles I picked one I fancied. I asked Mr. Jack the
 dealer >Young Man, How much for this truck?< and he said >Well
 sir that one has a sticker on its window for $26,540<. I said to
Jack the dealer >Jack you are a gentlemen and a scholar, this razzes
my berries, I’ll take it.< I go to pay for the pickup and discovered
the price increased to $32,150. He explained the add is to cover taxes
as well as >Processing Fee’s, Dealer Prep, Deliver Charge, Lot fee
& Advertising fee.< I could tell he was an honest man so I agreed
 to the charges. Then I opened my briefcase and counted out $32,150 in
cash on the table. And that’s every they get real serious and asked
where I got the money and called the police who took it away! I even
explained I purchased it from a reputable website on the inter web. Well
 now as you can all probably tell I’m as pissed as a three legged coon.
You young people have ruined the nation I worked hard to build! I cant
even buy a car without being investigated and thieved.I would like a
refund of my block coins. You have done me wrong, gotten me in trouble
and you need to fix it.ReplyLordy SavNovember 9, 2016 at 8:53 pmI
 got my package, it took a bit of time. but i got it. rookie package.
they dont respond to your email for a while but just be patient they’ll
get to you. laterReplyhappy nowNovember 9, 2016 at 8:41 pmthey are great to responding to emails, bout to order 100k!!!ReplyAll in a night’s workNovember 9, 2016 at 2:33 pmA
 guy meets a sex worker in a bar. She says, ‘This is your lucky night.
I’ve got a special game for you. I’ll do absolutely anything you want
for $300 as long as you can say it in three words.’ The guy replies,
‘Hey, why not?’ He pulls his wallet out of his pocket and lays $300 on
the bar, and says slowly. ‘Paint…my….house.’ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 9, 2016 at 1:45 pm>FUCK
 legal< – Life does not start and stop at your convenience, you
miserable piece of shit. I’ll send you a love letter straight from my
heart, fucker. Do you know what a love letter is? It’s a bullet from a
fuckin’ gun, fucker. If you receive a love letter from me, you are
fucked forever. Do you understand, fuck? I’ll send ya straight to hell,
fucker!Dont ever email us again fucker!>Sad< – we still offer the
$100k package. Just work your way up like everyone
else.>dustyvaultz< – We are offering a 5% discount to anyone who’s
 willing to do an in depth review with photos and be willing to respond
to emails. We’re only doing this with the $100 or $200k buyers. I’ve
only made this offer to one buyer so far but it applies to
everyone.BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplydustyvaultzNovember 9, 2016 at 1:23 pmHey
 this sounds so amazing to me being that I’m a noob I have some
apprehensions abt getting started has anyone posted pics or video of
them receiving the cash I will probably just step out and give it a try
it’s to much of an opportunity to pass byReplysadnessNovember 9, 2016 at 10:57 amneed to change all the cash i just got to bitcoin so i can order again real quick.#cashproblemsReplysadNovember 9, 2016 at 10:48 amNOOOOOO , wanted to get to 100k club before you changed it ??ReplyFUCK legal!November 9, 2016 at 9:29 amMy
 order was supposed to go out yesterday and you just send me tracking
today…You had best unfuck yourself and start shitting me Tiffany
cufflinks or I will definitely fuck you up! Your mother sucks big
fuckin’ elephant dicks, you got that?Never let it happen again.With
Love,fuck legal!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 9, 2016 at 9:16 amAll
 – IMPORTANT UPDATES:1. Starting today 11/9/2016 we now only accept 1
order every 2 weeks. This may be difficult to enforce and we’ll rely on
the honor system. However those that order $100k can still do so
weekly.2. Our maximum order size is going to increase to $200,000 cash
for $9,500 btc- Currently through email only.3. The minimum order size
will stay at $1,200 cash for $300 btc for now.4. We will offer a 5%
discount to the $100k & $200k orders IF you agreed to write a
detailed review that will be posted to our website with your email
address so you can respond to questions from prospective buyers5. A 5 %
discount will be applied to all orders placed today 11/9/2016 to
celebrate Trumps victory. Yes this will stack with the above 5%
discount, today only.BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyTesticlesNovember 9, 2016 at 7:58 amHey
 >END OF WORLD< your a stupid red neck retard. Why would aliens
care about anal probing us? Trust me man I took a class about the
digestive system. The digestional tract is not that interesting. Trust
me man I know things.ReplyEND OF WORLDNovember 9, 2016 at 4:28 amEveryone
 one of you WILL Be anal probed by aliens. No one has made a comment on
what I wrote!!! Its not a question of IF its a question of WHEN.No ones
going to take me seriously until the aliens have you bent over.Remember –
 Use this cash to buy gold. Use gold to barter with aliens. THIS IS
SERIOUS.ReplyMr TickleNovember 9, 2016 at 4:10 amWhat does Bill Clinton say to Hillary after sex? Honey I’ll be home in 20 min.ReplyTest 1-2-3-4-5-6-7November 9, 2016 at 3:51 amForum Test morning of 11/9/2016Wetbacks and Gingers all don’t have souls.ReplyExploitsMeNovember 9, 2016 at 1:07 amI’m
 not a frequent poster on the forum but I have been buying the $100k
weekly for a few weeks now and set up my whole operation around it.
Could you please keep the ability for $100k orders to be shipped weekly?Replycheck checkNovember 8, 2016 at 4:41 pmHey
 >WTF?!?!?!< You might make $22k/year but you probably get another
 $25k a year in free government handouts.My tax dollars goes towards
your decision to be uneducated and support your laziness.Your welcomeReplyWTF?!?!?!November 8, 2016 at 3:54 pmWTF
 ACE!! I’m a nobody round here, I just got 1 order so far at minimum
size $1200 for $300. Your getting just as bad as the government man. I’m
 poor man I can barely put food in my mouth and your talking about $100k
 as if its nothing. I make $22k a year! It would take me 5 years to make
 $100k!You need to keep the small order sizes open so I can feed myself.
 If I starve and die its ur fault man.Replyit me bro big shotNovember 8, 2016 at 3:49 pmForget
 raising or lowering anything!! Lets sell the cash on Ebay we’ll make a
fortune! My mom can help send packages!How do you not see how awesome
this is!!ReplyBigDickProblemsNovember 8, 2016 at 3:22 pmI
 think you need to increase your manpower and lower your prices. Sell to
 EVERYONE not just the rich/Jewish Cliptip half-dicks.Why not have your
minimum order be $100 cash for $40-50 bitcoin? Then everyone could get a
 piece of it.ReplyA. SteinNovember 8, 2016 at 3:06 pmHello
 just wanted to chime in. I am new to the $100k week club but why are we
 being penalized because all the small orders are bogging the system
down? I suggest we have the only available package be the $100k for $5k
option. That way you’ll weed out all the children from your
operation.I’m sure I’ll get some anti-jew comments for this but why
should I have to suffer because the poor don’t have enough money?-SteinReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 8, 2016 at 2:51 pmHey
 Anonymous – Good question. We are currently debating raising the
minimum to $2,500 cash for $500 btc. That should reduce the order volume
 enough to meet all our shipment commitments perfectly instead of a few
running a day or two behind.We are also considering making a new policy
that only 1 order can be placed every two weeks. If we made this a
policy we would raise the maximum order size to $200,000. We cant have
new policies hurting our most dedicated customers after all. Do any of
the $100k / week guys want to chime in with your thoughts on these
policy changes?BladeBuy Real Money AdminReplyAnonymousNovember 8, 2016 at 2:32 pmHi Blade, what are you going to raise the min order to?Get out there and vote people!Thanks BladeReplyStencelNovember 8, 2016 at 1:31 pmI want to thank Blade and the team for their hard work. Even better that they support Donald. Have a great Election Day people!ReplyBuy Real Money Admin PostNovember 8, 2016 at 1:17 pmHello
 Everyone.Today is Election day and we wanted to give our formal
approval and support to Donald Trump!We will also soon raise our minimum
 order size. We are still having trouble keeping up with shipping
orders.-BladeBuy Real MoneyReplyMorphine ManNovember 8, 2016 at 12:45 pmI’ve
 only ordered the $25,000 and not the $100k package for financial
reasons. After they arrive for whatever reason I am not able to save the
 $5,000 for the $100,000 package. Thats the goal though. You’ll probably
 see another $10,000 or $25,000 order here in the next day or so. Money
spends FAST.Getting $25,000 in the mail almost feels as good as
Morphine. Its a real genuine >High< feeling.ReplySamantha S.V.J.November 8, 2016 at 12:11 pmI went shopping with all the cash I got! I got such wonderful clothes!Thank you thank you thank you!ReplyLeshani La-ShaNovember 8, 2016 at 12:08 pmYa’ll niggur haters be Dipping in the Kool Aid. Ya’ll wont think its as funni when you be Three Knee Deep!ReplyA. SteinNovember 7, 2016 at 11:04 pmI
 ordered their $100,000 USD product November 3rd. Package received
11/7/16 through their 2-3 day shipping. The stealth was very good. 90%
of the bills were in good condition, 10% were in bad condition but still
 usable. I deposited $500 at my bank through an ATM to test the money.
Deposit worked. I will order more soon.Brooklyn – I don’t know if their
Jewish but I am. Please keep your verbal harassment toward my people to
yourself.Replyit me bro big shotNovember 7, 2016 at 10:24 pmBladeI
 want to partner and sell your cash of Ebay. We could make so much money
 that way. I sent you an email but didnt hear back. I just got my order
but you haven’t emailed me back about the Ebay dealBig shotReplyproballNovember 7, 2016 at 10:24 pmI’ve
 been getting a $5,000 package about every week for 2 months. Its worked
 for me. Some of you guys need to stop whining so much.ReplyEND OF WORLDNovember 7, 2016 at 9:44 pmEVERYONE
 LISTEN TO ME!!! the world is going to end, follow these steps if you
want to LIVE1. Buy cash from these guys2. Buy GOLD and SILVER with the
cash3. Buy GUNS with the cashSoon you will be able to buy 1 acre of land
 with 1oz of silver. You will burn the inflated dollar to heat your
house You will sell the Gold to the Aliens in exchange for not being
anal probed. This will all happen. When your buying land with silver,
heating your house with cash and not being anal probed you will thank
me.End of World manReplyKeemStarNovember 7, 2016 at 8:52 pmWhat is up drama alert nation im you host killer keemstar lets get right into the newsReplyCuriousNovember 7, 2016 at 8:36 pmWill this go through?Reply2 Diet PepsiNovember 7, 2016 at 7:03 pmHello,
 I placed an order November 28th, provided shipping address and paid the
 proper bitcoin address, 20hrs later I received a confirmation and
tracking information for the package. I received the shipment itself
11/1/16. All of that went fine but my package was supposed to have
$25,000 but only contained $24,500. I emailed you about it and you said
you would send me $1,000 extra in my next order. I want you to make it
right – now. You shorted me man and I need that $500. Do the right
thing– 2 Diet PepsiReplyBrooklynNovember 7, 2016 at 7:19 amBlade
 – Are you and your team Jewish? Jew’s are always in the middle of big
money operations like this. Bagel-Dog’s can smell it out with their big
noses. If so does the term >Half-Dick< offend you?Yes I’m one of
your regular customers but not with the name >Brooklyn< i just
wanted to draw a reaction from youReplyhightop96November 7, 2016 at 6:20 amshine shine shineReplyA dudeNovember 7, 2016 at 5:23 amIs email the best way to contact with questions?ReplyMaple SyrupNovember 7, 2016 at 5:00 amEveryone
 in American’t (Slur because your lazy) feels they are entitled to free
handouts as they build their Molson Muscle. This is a REALLY GOOD deal –
 Pay for it !!! I feel like us Canadians know that you need to pay for
your goods. I have ordered the $100k three times now.ReplyQuick Hitta 4 LifeNovember 7, 2016 at 4:34 amQuick
 update!! I posted a yesterday that I hadn’t got a response or shipping
info. I just got it and felt I should post an update real quick!
Shipping info says my $10k package comes in tomorrow! I hope to join the
 >Masters< club next week:) Awesome life changer!!!Thanks ace!ReplyTylerNovember 7, 2016 at 4:02 amqwertyqwertyqwertyReplyNecrosEnterprisesNovember 7, 2016 at 1:35 amAre these guys real? Can anyone give me any personal experience? Thank you 😀Reply>Federal Agent<November 7, 2016 at 1:18 amI
 am a Federal Angent of the NSA Of America. You did no reply to my
email. I just send all the agents of America. We had good business the
first order but you would not send me $100,000 for free. Now you burn in
 hell in jail.Official Federal Agent of NSA of AmericaReplyHurculesNovember 6, 2016 at 10:48 pmGot
 a package for $25k a week ago. I plan to order $100k tomorrow. Its the
best value overall. The >Overnight’ shipping somehow took two days
but I’ll forgive them:)ReplyQuick Hitta 4 LifeNovember 6, 2016 at 10:35 pmDear
 Blade,I placed an order and sent my bitcoins to your wallet and
responded to your e-mail with my shipping info. But that was about 1 day
 ago (11/5/16) and I haven’t got a response yet. That’s not very good
customer service, Im not mad tho cause I know you’re all probably busy
filling bigger orders since mine was very small. I’m looking forward to a
 future of purchasing from you. I will update when something happensReplyundertakerNovember 6, 2016 at 9:24 pmtesting testingReplysdafsdafsdaffsdaNovember 5, 2016 at 8:04 pmdsfsdfdsfdfsdfdfsReplyJustin KaseNovember 5, 2016 at 11:37 amWe
 tell the world if its to good to be true then it probably is . But if
you found your way to this part of the web then your probably on to
something. The machine dosnt want you to know that there is another way
to get shit done. Props to whomever put this shit together. Im sure
there is a reason for you to be doing shit this way and i dont care ive
got my own little fuct up world to maintain and if this helps you as it
will help me if its real then fuck it lets do this. i would rather loose
 a couple hundred dollars than a couple hundred thousand dollars finding
 out. Ive seen some crazy shit during my 40+ years on this earth. I
watched as apple gave computers to school children to help write code
fore the apple2 then updated the computers to apple2 to write code for
the apple2e and so on and on. This is a fuct up world where if you dont
look you wont find. the machine prints money like its not even real so
lets do our part and use as much of it as we can before it turns into a
form of food stamps and credit is all we have. ill be placing a order in
 the A.M November6 2016 if all goes well yoy will have a loyal customer
until the machine stops and resets.ReplyskeptiiccNovember 5, 2016 at 7:50 amwhatss goood everyone, trying to see if this shit is reall!ReplyVladislavNovember 5, 2016 at 3:10 amIs
 Russia I hear black women are whores. Did you use whore money to pay
for first order now you have no more whore money? What you cost for a
few minutes?Thank you very muchVladislavReplyLaurette FNovember 5, 2016 at 1:36 amLeshani
 La-Sha – Is it true black women are sluts? What does it take to open
your legs for a man? A nice meal at McDonald’s?Be a woman and pay for
your cash like every else!Reply"Federal Agent"November 5, 2016 at 1:33 amI
 am a federal agent from the USA of America. I tricked you into sending
me that package of $5,000. Now you need to send me a $100,000 package or
 I call all the other federal agents of America and we bust down your
door. I just send you email. You reply with shipping info in 24 hours or
 I send in all agents ASAP!! this NOT a joke! I am a FBI Federal Agent
with the NSA of America.ReplyMarkNovember 4, 2016 at 4:19 pmdoes this shit really work?ReplyWill eat noodlesNovember 4, 2016 at 2:20 pmPlaced an order on the 27th. Sent payment and shipping address. Got it Nov 1st. Placed order number 2 today. Still nervous.ReplyDavid BannerNovember 4, 2016 at 12:24 amasdlkf’ksdlf;’sdkafl;d’kmfl;s’msdl;f’mas’msdlkf’mjsdlkf’mf’mdsklf’medskfReplyDavid BannerNovember 4, 2016 at 12:19 amtesting right nowReplyLeshani La-ShaNovember 3, 2016 at 11:51 pmHEY juicylatte! You think yo bettar than me?! Ya’ll look at her she got her nose op at me I know ut! OOooh Unn UhhhYOLO Ya’llReplyVladislavNovember 3, 2016 at 10:45 pmHello Comrade,Much good the money. Package success. Cash used.Thank you very much.VladislavReplyjuicylatteNovember 3, 2016 at 9:33 pmheyheyheyReplyLeshani La-ShaNovember 3, 2016 at 8:15 am>Joe<
 writing >Test123< … No U DiDnnT. u tring to say i >Test<
positive for HIV because im BLACK? R you sayin all black people have
AIDS? I bet yall think they SHOULD? All Ya’ll better watch ya’ll white
nugga’s in here.Leshani La-ShaReplyLeshani La-ShaNovember 3, 2016 at 7:51 amI
 dont do nah BiTcOin no moe. Heres what ya’ll are gonna do – ya’ll right
 will send me $5 G’s a week to the SAME address you sent the $1,200 for
free or I will have my nigga’s in Da Hood raining LEAD on ya’ll like
Armageddon. Mmmm hhhhmmm.Ya’ll think bout it.Leshani La-ShaReplyjoeNovember 3, 2016 at 6:35 amtest 123ReplyLeshani La-ShaNovember 3, 2016 at 2:23 amlet
 me axe you something… ya’ll only sent me $1,200 cuz I’m black? heellll
yea I got it but I need ExTrA…Mmmm hhhhmmm… I deserve MORE than the
White niggas in here. You wrong fa dat You Feel Me? I am a U-S-A
citizen. the White man in authority put me where I am, the white man
need to lift me back up der. It could me be up in dem sky scrapers
making 8 digits of $f$l$o$w$. It should have been me but the white man
stopped me. What you gonna do? U gonna make it right?Leshani La-ShaReplyinangNovember 2, 2016 at 10:01 pmAnother
 message for SOME posting here:Holy shit! If these guys are multiplying
your money by at least 4X, and it works, why are there still
complaints?If you’re relying on them to get your order to you per some
deadline to pay your bills, maybe a long-term outlook might work better.
 I’m looking at starting at the bottom with what we can afford, then
working our way up the >ladder<.If you think missing >A<
payment because a shipment didn’t arrive >on time< is bad,
consider the situation my wife and I are in. We’re now behind on almost
ALL of our obligations, largely due to the increasingly fucked-up
government >system< that handles care homes like the one we used
to operate. We literally have nowhere to go but up at this point.Most of
 anything we would pay for with money from Cash is King is already late,
 anyway, but I’m starting to figure a long-term strategy might just get
us caught-up, bit-by-bit, until we’ve settled our obligations and clawed
 ourselves out of the red.It seems to me like some of the complaints
I’ve read are from folks who might not appreciate what being >royally
 fucked< REALLY means. My wife and I sure as hell do, but we’re
looking for something that will help us out of our fix over time, not
for someone to mollycoddle us.ReplyinangNovember 2, 2016 at 7:44 pmACE:Your
 >FAQ< response about having no sympathy for the sick/disabled
gave me the first real laugh I’ve had in a while; THANKS!Until recently
my wife & I operated an adult foster home, taking care of 2 disabled
 adults who lived with us 24/7/365. Did that since ’02. Most of our
clients had fucked-up their lives with alcohol & drugs and preyed on
 those weaker than them, and no other caregivers would take them. Worked
 fine while >the system< made them at least take a stab at wearing
 >big boy pants<. NOW >the system< just allows them to be
pussies & looks-out for their >happiness<, so when they want
to move because of others being >all up in their business<, they
just get what they want. No consideration for the effect it has on
us/our finances.Long story short: less than 2 months after my wife was
nominated for an award in recognition of her excellence as a care home
operator over the last 13+ years, we don’t even have enough money to pay
 attention.The more I review your site, the more I’m thinking your
service might be just what the doctor ordered. Good chance I’ll be in
touch soon.ReplyyearlingrosesNovember 2, 2016 at 7:19 pmJust placed my first order. Currently awaiting tracking information.ReplyPile of CashNovember 2, 2016 at 5:37 pmI
 just joined the $25k club!! Holy smokes it feels so good to hold that
much cash! My next order will be for $100k!!!It was packaged very well.
The cash was vacuum sealed inside a non-transparent bag with a big label
 on it reading >First Edition of Fahrenheit 451< and >Do not
expose to oxygen until ready<. All the cash even felt like a big
thick book when vacuum sealed also. The cash was in good condition, no
bills in really bad shape.Very pleased you just made a repeat customer!!ReplyTeenageWastelandNovember 2, 2016 at 5:30 pmJUST WAITING AND WATCHING THE TRACKING INFO. WATCHING IT COME TO MY HOUSE. MY LIFE IS GOING TO CHANGE FOREVER SOON.ReplyninjaturtleNovember 2, 2016 at 1:10 pmjust
 received my package. I have no more bitcoin but will you send me
another package now? And then in 1 weeks I’ll send you the btc I promise
 i’m good for it.Why dont you send out free cash? Your bad people for
not sending free money.ReplyThatskechyGarageNovember 2, 2016 at 7:50 amThis
 is my first time ordering cash, They answered all my questions fast and
 in depth.Placed an order and waiting for it to arrive in
Australia.Thanks guys awesome serviceReplysamantha franksNovember 2, 2016 at 5:06 amdo you like to dance the rain?ReplymamasitaNovember 2, 2016 at 4:50 amAre these comments real?ReplyUnited ForeverNovember 2, 2016 at 12:51 amThis
 is a real operation! I tested its real! I emailed the order last week
and they gave me a wallet number to send my bitcoin to. I sent it right
away received a shipping confirmation. I waited a few days more and got a
 package of money in the mail! Now I have lots of money! It real!ReplyRich high brotherNovember 2, 2016 at 12:31 amI
 am the only person at my high school with $25k in cash in my
backpack.They deliver! Too legit! A+.I just wanted to say >thank you
Ricky Bobby<ReplypoorcollegekidNovember 1, 2016 at 10:39 pmFirst time order last Thursday.ReplyAnonymousNovember 1, 2016 at 9:59 pmGot my order in. Thanks for putting work for us Blade + the team!!Replysteven565November 1, 2016 at 7:45 pmis it real?ReplyStealthy27272November 1, 2016 at 7:42 pmJust Checking too see if it works.Replyfreedom fighter - sometimesNovember 1, 2016 at 1:02 pmhey
 yo -Realist- I agree it seems unreal that they are stealing from the
fed BUT I’ve gotten 3 packages so far. I’ve had no problems depositing
at the bank so I know its not counterfeit. I dont know where they get it
 but this is too legit to pass up.ReplyRealistNovember 1, 2016 at 5:00 amThis seems sketchy. Federal Reserve has some of the tightest security around.ReplyStenderNovember 1, 2016 at 2:10 amIs this real or nahReplyBuy Real MoneyPost authorOctober 31, 2016 at 6:22 pmHey
 >BigDickProblems & WHERE IS MY MOM???< – You mother fuckers
are a real pain you know that? Order the $25k/$100k package and dont
depend on the $1200 or $2,500 package to get there in the nick of time!!
 Plan ahead! We are overworked trying to hook everyone up with their
cash and its people like you that make it really difficult.If you keep
complaining we’re going to make the minimum package the $5,000 for $750
so we ship fewer packages and can do it faster. We’ll ignore your whiney
 emails saying >Its too expensive for us now< and then where will
you be? Unable to pay your bills praying to the almighty Hillary Clinton
 to ride in and give you free handouts.happy halloween mother
fuckersBladeBuy Real Money10/31/16ReplyJoan of ArcOctober 31, 2016 at 5:39 pmPlaced order on 10/28 and sent BTC.tracking shows it arrives tomorrow.Pretty excited to rip into my box of $5,000ReplyWILLPHIL091October 31, 2016 at 5:01 pmTesting to see if realReplyBigDickProblemsOctober 31, 2016 at 4:15 pmBlade
 – I speak for the whole community here. You know me I’ve been a buyer
with you since the start. Lots of people depend on you guys for cash
each week. There are REAL PEOPLE behind each order. Respectfully can you
 please try to ship all packages the same day as their order? Sometimes
it takes 2 days and that really hurts people sometimes. I missed paying
my car payment once because your overnight shipping took 2 days. How
does that happen man? Overnight shipping takes 1 day. It took 2 days
because you didnt ship it fast enough. Again – I like you and you’re a
true dealer but try to buckle it in a little, you’ve created a community
 that depends on you.– BigDickProblemsReplyGODOctober 31, 2016 at 3:45 pmI am pleased with all servicesCHECKINGReplyhellohelloOctober 31, 2016 at 2:41 pmHi, nice serviceReplyPotatoes for life!October 31, 2016 at 7:13 amOriginally
 I was skeptical about these comments being filtered, but J have seen a
few bad comments, saying it is fake and all. Ironically, That is what
sold this place to me. Expect a test order ^-^ReplyAnonymousOctober 31, 2016 at 6:26 amChecking I NEED a Billion CheckingReplyscrabberOctober 31, 2016 at 5:44 amOrdered a few days ago. We’ll see how this goes 😀ReplyyoungrichzacharyOctober 31, 2016 at 2:36 amJust testing fam. I really hope this works.ReplyflorenzeOctober 31, 2016 at 12:58 amJust got My CaSh Woot Woot WOOT 🙂Mooney in the bankReplymynameisjeffOctober 31, 2016 at 12:51 amtesting 1-2-3 is this shit real?ReplyAwesome as fuckOctober 30, 2016 at 10:23 pmI sent them my bitcoin last week and I got my cash today! I joined the $25,000 cash club my nigga’s!ReplyWHERE IS MY MOM???October 30, 2016 at 10:20 pmI
 AM SO SICK OF THEIR SLOW RESPONSE TIMES. ARE THEY RUNNING A BUSINESS OR
 THE DMV? STOP DOING WHATEVER DUMB STUFF YOUR DOING, EMAIL ME BACK YOUR
WALLET # AND LETS GET THE PACKAGE COMING. I WANT MY NEXT PACKAGE NOW. I
RELY ON YOU FOR CASH EACH WEEK. SEND IT TO ME OR I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN
AND FEED YOU YOUR OWN TESTICLES.ReplyWHERE IS MY MOM???October 30, 2016 at 10:15 pmI
 rely on their cash each week to pay the bills. I’ve been buying for
about 2 months now. What PISSES me off is when I cant pay my bills
because THEY DONT EMAIL/SHIP FAST ENOUGH.Blade – I NEED you to take this
 serious man. You need to lock it in and mail my package the SAME DAY as
 my order. In the past its always taken you like 2 days to finish an
order. LOCK IT IN. I HAVE BILLS TO PAY.ReplyanonioOctober 29, 2016 at 11:54 pmlets give it a tryReplyJad sarieddineOctober 29, 2016 at 11:35 pmBoofy
 ass niggas out here hooking brotha’s up with the flow, hooken em up
with the goods, the product!I always get the Green from de’s mofos’.
good dealersReplyDNGOctober 29, 2016 at 8:58 pmIt took 4 days but I got my cash. $5,000 richer. I’m going to place my next order in a week.ReplyWILLPHIL091October 29, 2016 at 6:00 amJust checking to see if these forums are realReplyYEAYEAYEAOctober 29, 2016 at 4:15 amTHIS IS FUCKING GREAT!!THIS IS AWESOMETHIS IS MOTHERFUCKING FANTASTIC!!!ReplyWHERE IS MY MOM????October 28, 2016 at 10:27 pmI’ve
 been ordering for a while and they always come through. Their a bit
slow but trustworthy.Blade tries to joke with me but i’m not a joker. He
 can put his jokes up his ass and shut the hell up. I want CASH not
stupid jokes. Lets keep it professional.ReplyannonymousOctober 28, 2016 at 8:59 pmThey
 never have sent me extra cash. they are scammer. I WANT FREE MONEY. I
will never order again unless you send me $1000 for free. Read my email.Replyjimmy two twoOctober 28, 2016 at 8:46 pmwhy wont my comment postReplycheck checkOctober 28, 2016 at 8:36 pmcomment goes here. testing comment space.Replyseth roganOctober 28, 2016 at 8:18 pmI
 love Hillary Clinton not because of her policies but because I think
she would look fantastic naked. Bill Clinton got a good deal with that
one.Oh and I love the cash from this website!ReplyblakeseOctober 28, 2016 at 8:16 pm2 days after order I have my cash in hand. Just placed order #2. Hella aweosomeReplyRon BurgundyOctober 28, 2016 at 8:02 pmDiscovered by the Germans in 1904, they named it San Diego, which of course in German means ‘a whale’s vagina.Replyfuck youOctober 28, 2016 at 7:05 pmfuck you. You didnt send me any EURO only USD CASH. I wanted Euro NOT united states of america worthless money… mother fuckersReplyF-AnonOctober 28, 2016 at 3:37 pmPlaced
 order, received email back within a couple of hours (I send email
really late at night, my bad). Sent what was needed – will update when
product received. 🙂 Shipping notification received and I’m just
watching it come to me.. 10-28-16ReplytyperOctober 28, 2016 at 11:05 amIS IT LEGIT?ReplyedOctober 28, 2016 at 10:06 amI cant believe I got the pre-shred. I cant believe it.I just used it to buy food. Unbelievable.ReplyprepperOctober 28, 2016 at 9:41 amDont depend on getting extra cash. I’ve only got extra cash 2 out of my 5 orders.Replypissed off pedoOctober 28, 2016 at 6:17 amTHIS IS A SCAM.I DID NOT GET EXTRA CASH. I ONLY GOT $1,200 AND NO EXTRA CASH. BE WARNED.ReplyMontanaOctober 28, 2016 at 4:51 amTestReplypapaSmurf1901October 28, 2016 at 3:43 amtesting comment section xFReplypapaSmurf1901October 28, 2016 at 3:40 amtesting comment section :>ReplyAnonymousOctober 27, 2016 at 11:02 pmHow did stupid tried to kill a bird??He took it to the top of a building and dropped it from there to die.ReplyjhsdfkjzdhgkjzshdgOctober 27, 2016 at 11:47 pmjhadffjkhsadfkjhgdsfaReplyDW3October 27, 2016 at 10:43 pmI
 will be placing an order just as soon as I get some bitcoins. Is it
possible to use an escrow service for the first transaction?ReplyPie_forceOctober 27, 2016 at 10:32 pmDuuuude this works wellReplySeeDotCashOctober 27, 2016 at 10:20 pmYoo… Is this thing on???ReplycashmanOctober 27, 2016 at 10:14 pmYo i get the cash just in time on friday before the weekend!ReplyCdotCashOctober 27, 2016 at 9:59 pmTesting testing… Checking to see if its realReplyKanye EastOctober 27, 2016 at 6:02 amdoes this work?ReplyThecakebossOctober 26, 2016 at 8:25 pmWwwReplyNeverlandOctober 26, 2016 at 8:14 pmWoW!ReplyanonOctober 26, 2016 at 8:05 pmtest reviewReplyAnonymousOctober 26, 2016 at 7:44 pmFUCK YOUReplyAnonymousOctober 26, 2016 at 7:36 pmi put my money into an escrow service and got the cash in the mailThis is the darknet working like it should.Replyforever 21October 26, 2016 at 7:22 pmi
 placed my order yesterday even though I thought it was a scam. Then I
got my tracking #, it shows it arrives tomorrow! SO EXCITEDReplyAnonymousOctober 26, 2016 at 7:20 pmi
 put my money in 3 days ago into the escrow service. Got my FAT STACK of
 cash today. I couldnt believe it. I absolutely couldnt believe it.The
stack of cash was like 2 inches high. 2 INCHESReplyWOWOctober 26, 2016 at 7:11 pmI JOINED THE $100k CLUB!!! HOLY SMOKES! IT SHOWED UPReplyAnonymousOctober 26, 2016 at 6:42 pmI
 am starting a Dark Web Website called >OBESE Butt Lovers<.
Featuring massively overweight ladies butts. Like so fat they cant stand
 up.Any interest from this Community?Replyturtle manOctober 26, 2016 at 6:15 pmJust got my 3rd order of $10,000.I ALWAYS get SO nervous after each order but it always comes.ReplyRicherOctober 26, 2016 at 6:12 pmI
 order $100,000 every other week for 2 times now. I simply cannot
believe this is true. I thought it was counterfeit but it deposited in a
 bank!ReplyTThecakebossOctober 26, 2016 at 5:55 pmWassip wid itReplySomething on my junkOctober 26, 2016 at 5:49 pmHey everyone I have a fungal growth on my vagina. Does anyone know what it is? I can send photos.ReplyCidOctober 26, 2016 at 5:43 pmLitReplyQuagOctober 26, 2016 at 5:00 pmI
 sent payment and ordered 3 days ago. Paid for overnight shipping and
got $5,000 from Blade. This is Def legit. received tracking number. it
come, I jizzed in my pantsReplyAnonymousOctober 26, 2016 at 2:15 pmI Sent them Payment and it took 4 days for the cash to arrive.Fuck You Guys!!ReplybutchOctober 26, 2016 at 4:55 amis this real?ReplyI HAVEOctober 26, 2016 at 4:20 amOk we all know this site is legit… but how many of you use the cash to wipe your own anus? Anyone?I HAVE MOTHER F***ERSReplySome Fat guyOctober 26, 2016 at 3:43 amThis has got to be too good to be true. Some one want to let me know if its real or nah.ReplyfdsadOctober 26, 2016 at 1:56 amWHEW just got DA CASH TODAY BRO.THNK UReplyJarrachOctober 25, 2016 at 10:29 pmBiggest cash producer for me everReplylamaquinitanyc?October 25, 2016 at 7:09 pmhey wassuo thist shit work?ReplyffffffOctober 25, 2016 at 12:34 pmBuy Real Money1 OF THE $100’s DID NOT GO THROUGH THE MACHINE ATM!IS SOMEONE
GOING TO RESPOND TO ME???????????????1 OF THE $100’s DIDNT GO THROUGH AN
 ATM!!! I HAD TO GO INSIDE INTO THE BANK. VERY UPSET I WANT MORE CASH.
BADReplyluckyOctober 25, 2016 at 12:17 pmBuy Real Money you told me i would get extra but I only got 5,500. I thought I
was going to get a full $1,000 exta? Can you send me another $500
please? I’ll be your most loyal customer but send me more cash for free
please.ReplyGOOMEROctober 25, 2016 at 1:50 pmCoolReplyGOOMEROctober 25, 2016 at 1:45 pmA service that WORKS. No bs. THIS IS THE REAL DEAL. Dont be scared you will feel better when you get cash in the mailReplyJohn SnowOctober 25, 2016 at 1:41 pmTesting 10/25/16Replymy privatesOctober 25, 2016 at 12:38 pmanyone want to see a picture of my penis?ReplyFLUCKOctober 25, 2016 at 12:21 pmHey
 >looking for money< its legit but they sure do take a while. It
sometimes takes 24-48 hours for them to respond. Sometimes it takes 2
days to get their >Overnight< packages. Kind of shady if you ask
me. They should offer better service.Replydon botOctober 25, 2016 at 6:41 amtestReplyLooking for moneyOctober 25, 2016 at 1:29 am, is this legit?Got Scammed alot of times in the deep web.Is all the money 100% real?ReplyAss HolesOctober 24, 2016 at 10:26 pmOrdered 4 days ago, and it should arrive tomorrow. A little slower than I hoped. Tracking is legit.Reply90BabyOctober 24, 2016 at 9:34 pmTesting10/24/16If ya can see it, from now on post ya reviews with datesReplyAnonymousOctober 24, 2016 at 9:18 pmOrdered on 10/18/16 and got the $1,200 in the mail. BUT I got herpies from it…. jk. no herpies… OR am i kidding?ReplySupahBeulahOctober 24, 2016 at 7:52 pmBladeWhat’s
 going on man? I got a really beat to hell $10’s bill. Did I pay for
$590 or $600? Do the right thing and send me ANOTHER $10 bill man.ReplySupahBeulahOctober 24, 2016 at 7:45 pmtoreal I also was wondering if this was a ponzi scheme. But I got $5,000 in the Fedex. Awesome.ReplyYotoyoOctober 24, 2016 at 3:39 pmTesting 123. YoReplyForrealOctober 24, 2016 at 3:33 pmIs this for real?ReplytorealOctober 24, 2016 at 2:55 pmgot the rookie package now i am going to order the semi pro hopefully this is legit and not a Ponzi schemeReplytesticlesOctober 24, 2016 at 2:05 pmWhat
 a fucking scumbag. The overnight shipping somehow took 2 days. I PAID
for overnight shipping not F****** 2 days SLOW shipping.ReplyAnonymousOctober 24, 2016 at 1:53 pmgot more cash in the mail. Sometimes they send me extra cash sometimes not.DON’T COUNT ON GETTING EXTRAReplySOctober 24, 2016 at 1:39 pmTest comment b/c shit keeps timing outReplyfecalOctober 24, 2016 at 3:08 amI have gotten scammed twice in the black market.I am a Life long Buy Real Money customer. They are for real.ReplyExploitsMeOctober 24, 2016 at 4:43 amTest.ReplyPorn ExpertOctober 24, 2016 at 4:02 amI got the money in the mail. I shit my paints just like I said I would last week.I could make love to you right nowReplyDNGOctober 24, 2016 at 3:59 amI
 sent them my bitcoin and order info and I’m still waiting for a
response 2 days later…. but I trust them, they’re probably busy.ReplyBlackPharaohOctober 24, 2016 at 3:57 amtest 2?hopefully this is legitonce i have enough for rookie packagei will buy it and come back ,let ya knowReply³Black¶haraohOctober 24, 2016 at 3:49 amHopefully
 this works I really need the money manI see a lot of good reviewsStay
away from The PayPal cent and the green machine both are scamming(got
scammed twice in the black market already this shit is crazy man)I shall
 post again once I have enough money to buy rookie package-Nyc all day
nigga peaceReplyExtraOctober 24, 2016 at 3:46 amGot $10,000 in the mail!!!And a BONUS $350!ReplyExploitsMeOctober 24, 2016 at 3:07 amI’m going to give it a try by this week!Replysdb bsdcOctober 24, 2016 at 1:40 amhfvbsvhdsvReplyAnonymousOctober 24, 2016 at 12:12 amPlaced
 order the other day. And email response was quick, sent payment &
got shipping info. the package looks like it will be here 10/25/16ReplyHaaarambayyyOctober 23, 2016 at 4:25 amJFK got billedTesting.ReplyThewatcher22October 23, 2016 at 12:56 amThese guys take care of me.ReplyScarfaceOctober 22, 2016 at 11:31 pmIs this real? If it’s real I’m in heaven.ReplyFogulOctober 22, 2016 at 10:20 pmEmail
 response was average about 48 hour response time. But I paid and got my
 cash. Shocking & suprised I almost thought this wasnt real.ReplyJeffOctober 22, 2016 at 9:28 pmJust want to see if this is real… test comment only.ReplyLazloOctober 22, 2016 at 8:41 pmwhy is there a >:)< in most comments. hmmm. Il still want to give this a try. Hope it worksReplyLazlo SavonOctober 22, 2016 at 8:38 pmHi
 i read all of the views, im kind of weary because i noticed a pattern
of >:)< everywhere. if this comment does not go through. ill have
my answerReplyfuck uOctober 22, 2016 at 8:09 pmseems that college student writes the same comment on many review sectionsReplyTheWatcher22October 22, 2016 at 2:31 pmWell
 they received my bitcoins and then I got $5,000 in the mail. Kicking
myself in the ass now for not buying a bigger package with more cash. Oh
 well,live and learn I guess. next order will be $10,000ReplyDA03October 22, 2016 at 2:54 amtesting. very interestedReplyCullenOctober 21, 2016 at 11:33 pmI’ll give you guys a shot, please don’t screw me though. Or at least buy me dinner firstReplyBuy Real MoneyPost authorOctober 21, 2016 at 6:20 pmAll
 – due to the large amount of orders we are adding the >Master<
package – $5,000 for $100,000 in pre-shred. We are also removing the
>Tester< package. We feel this is a step in the right direction
because we cant keep up with the volume of packages we are having to
send.Thank you all for your continued support to our community!!ACEBuy Real MoneyReplyshymanOctober 21, 2016 at 2:30 pmhi am waiting to here from NewMoneyReplyP.T.A. ActivistOctober 21, 2016 at 12:48 pmI
 HOPED this was a scam but then I got cash in the mail. DO YOU REALIZE
THIS BUSINESS IS RUINING THE US ECONOMY? When cash that is marked for
shredding is reintroduced into the economy it devalues the US currency.
DO NOT BUY!!! DO NOT BUY!!! You are ruining the US Nation! They will
really send you money and it will slowly ruin this nation! I cant
believe this website exists. Only the government can save us now. I hope
 the federal reserve catches you and STOPS YOU.YOU ARE RUINING THE
ECONOMY WITH YOUR PRE-SHRED CASH. STOP SENDING MONEY OUT. STOP IT STOP
IT STOP IT.ReplyshymanOctober 21, 2016 at 10:47 amhi please can i order from AfricaReplyProspectOctober 21, 2016 at 4:46 amMic Check 1, 2…Replylive_it_upOctober 21, 2016 at 4:14 amwhat email should i use to place my order?!ReplyMoney ManOctober 21, 2016 at 2:30 amplaced
 an order on 10/17/16Shipping info received through email on
10/18/16Package arrived 10/20/16Ordered the $10,000 packageBills are in
good condition, deposited $3,000 at the bank without any
issues.-Moneyman-10/21/16-East Coast USAReplyCullenOctober 20, 2016 at 10:22 pmHey, these guys still operating?ReplyjonesingOctober 20, 2016 at 9:23 pmordered 3 days ago. paid for overnight shipping, just got $2,500 cash in the mail today.ReplyLets SeeOctober 19, 2016 at 8:08 pmGet the feeling this is awesome:) Package 1 day away says the trackingReply123456October 19, 2016 at 8:02 pmTestingReplyAnonymousOctober 19, 2016 at 7:44 pmThis shit is real guys, its all over the deep net forums.10/19/16ReplyPamperedFleaOctober 19, 2016 at 9:43 amIf
 the comments/review section here is by real customers, why doesn’t
anyone use dates so we can get comfortable knowing when the last order
was successfully made? C’mon people! Add the date to when you post a
review here so potential customers will see that you had a great order
processed.ReplylemonandapaairOctober 19, 2016 at 7:08 amtesting testing, will my comment show up?ReplyPorn ExpertOctober 19, 2016 at 1:10 amJust
 sent them my bitcoin and shipping info and am awaiting a response. I
hope they don’t take too long to mail me back because it’s been a day. I
 swear if I get that cash in the mail I’m gonna shit my pants.ReplycheeseballerOctober 18, 2016 at 8:53 pmtestReplyhellionOctober 18, 2016 at 7:03 pmplaced
 my order last and got a tracking confirmation 10 hours later. kind of
slow response time right? followed the tracking until it showed up
today. I ordered the $5,000 package and he gave me $5,500 which is nice.
 >ace< with cash is king makes lots of stupid jokes but i got my
cash. he can keep his jokes to himself in the future. just keep sending
me the money and shut the hell upReplyGeebyOctober 18, 2016 at 3:35 pmjust got the cash in the mail. it feels good to stick it to the MAN. $10k richer.ReplyAnonymousOctober 18, 2016 at 3:32 pmI hope this isn’t Snake Oil.ReplyOnyxOctober 18, 2016 at 1:23 amchecking to see if I can commentReplyCastlesOctober 18, 2016 at 12:21 amTesting that this goes through! A bit skeptical.ReplyOnyxOctober 18, 2016 at 12:08 amit works!Reply100k ClubOctober 17, 2016 at 7:43 pmThey
 will send up to $100k a week for $5,000 in bitcoin. They dont offer it
on the website but thats the maximum they will send. I ordered it last
week and it just arrived today.ReplyTomOctober 17, 2016 at 7:40 pmI get $25k every week!Living the good life!ReplyMoney happyOctober 17, 2016 at 7:32 pmAnyone part of the $25,000 a week club? HELL YEA:)Replyredkid33October 17, 2016 at 4:39 pmgreat service!ReplyhoegirlOctober 17, 2016 at 2:45 pmit worked ..ReplyhighhopesOctober 16, 2016 at 6:18 pmIve
 been ordering the $10k package every week or so and now I just ordered
$100k for $5,000 usd. Kind of nervous but I trust these guys. Their
legit even though there are alot of scams online.ReplyiiolOctober 16, 2016 at 6:10 pmJust
 got my 4th package of $25k. Ive been ordering it weekly. I broke up
with my girlfriend and only get high end hookers now.I love this stuff.
its legit and this is where people get rich onlineReplynonamemanOctober 16, 2016 at 3:43 pmtestingReplyhoegirlOctober 16, 2016 at 3:36 pmjust testing the page.ReplyhoegirlOctober 16, 2016 at 3:34 pmhellow ..test101ReplytestingOctober 16, 2016 at 11:01 amtestReplyTesting this fourmOctober 16, 2016 at 6:11 amJust wanting to see if this goes through. If does this is a trusted forum. Do not know about service.. yetReplyfishermanOctober 15, 2016 at 2:24 pmtestingReplyfishermanOctober 15, 2016 at 2:22 pmtestReplyDankMemesOctober 15, 2016 at 11:56 amThis is da shit boy\iReplyRyanOctober 15, 2016 at 10:40 amI will be ordering this week and will post honest review.ReplyRyanOctober 15, 2016 at 10:36 amI also will be ordering this week and will post honest review.ReplymikejonesOctober 15, 2016 at 5:56 amyessssssReplymikejonesOctober 15, 2016 at 5:51 amgone mine better get yoursReplymegzzx48~October 14, 2016 at 6:03 pmAnother successful order. NICEReplyjackyOctober 13, 2016 at 10:13 pmis can deliver also in Asia?. . .ReplyjackyOctober 13, 2016 at 9:42 pmhey anonymous are you there? . .ReplyjackyOctober 13, 2016 at 9:37 pmwhat to do i dont know . . . . . .i got scam all timeReplybullshitOctober 13, 2016 at 9:13 pmbullshitReplycachoOctober 13, 2016 at 1:30 pmGoodReplyJust a GuyOctober 13, 2016 at 7:40 amTesting review board to make sure it’s real and will be testing this service out next month.ReplyAnonymousOctober 13, 2016 at 4:58 amyoReplyGeebyOctober 12, 2016 at 1:23 amI was shorted $20 on my previous order but they gave me an extra $500 on my next order. Thanks bastards! Dont screw us againReplyJohnny SausageOctober 12, 2016 at 1:20 amgot my 4th order! I make an order every time I run low on money. I should place bigger orders but i’m lazyReplyCash GuyOctober 12, 2016 at 1:15 amCash Received thank you guys!!!!ReplyLOCKNESSOctober 11, 2016 at 11:33 pmLEGIT ALERT. 100% REAL ALERT. I MAKE SOOO SOOOO SOOO MUCH MONEY WITH THESE GUYS.ReplyLOCKNESSOctober 11, 2016 at 10:15 pmPLEASE
 EVERYONE THIS IS NOT A SCAM. BUY THEIR CASH NOW BEFORE THE FED’S BUST
THEM. THIS IS REAL BUT THEY WILL GET CAUGHT. ORDER NOW AND ORDER BIG
WHILE YOU CAN.THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST PLACES TO MAKE CASH FAST.ReplyBuy Real MoneyPost authorOctober 11, 2016 at 5:43 pmProjecthhssa
 – There is a reason people love us on the darknet forums, its because
we are 100% legit and we make alot of people rich. If the dark net feels
 to risky for you then invest your money in a bank. but please feel no
pressure to buy from us!kylochin – Are you the one we just mailed
$10,000 to? Did you receive it alright it should have arrived
today.aceBuy Real Money12:42PM 10/11/2016ReplyProjecthhssaOctober 11, 2016 at 1:19 pmHello, I wanna give it a tryReplyProjecthhssaOctober 11, 2016 at 1:14 pmI believe this is is not scam, I am gonna give it a tryReplykylochinOctober 11, 2016 at 3:17 amhelloReplyBuy Real MoneyPost authorOctober 10, 2016 at 7:37 pmHello
 everyone!We are now offering the ability to pick your own bills! We
plan to increase prices in the near future. We just want to thank the
whole community that buys from us and supports us. Thank you
everyone!BladeBuy Real Money10/9/10ReplyhorseOctober 10, 2016 at 11:28 pmFirst time buyer on the deep web. You guys are the best. I pay my mortgage with this cashReplyayoooOctober 9, 2016 at 4:27 pmbruhhReplyayoooOctober 9, 2016 at 4:24 pmtesstReplyAnonymousOctober 8, 2016 at 1:47 pmIt worksReplyreeferOctober 5, 2016 at 1:35 pmI
 am pleased with the product, customer service and support that was
given to me throughout my order. I am grateful for the opportunity to
order. Thank you kindly sirs, I am ordering from NDReplyAnonymousOctober 4, 2016 at 9:37 amThey
 recommend an escrow which actually is reliable, after you place an
order they immediately send you tracking information.The escrow is
legit. I did a careful evaluation with several test orders and its the
real deal.I order the $10,000 package every single week. But I hate
these faggots for having such a good operation. Am sure they will delete
 this review.ReplyparegoricOctober 4, 2016 at 6:45 amI’ve
 been brainstorming some ways to come up with extra cash working from
home. Just when I thought I had conceived every possible legitimate
plan, I found this gem and got cash in the mail:)ReplyqueenofbladesOctober 4, 2016 at 2:44 amThis
 is a real service everyone. I am queenofblades and have tested them
several times and it works. you’ll regret not buying from themReplyanonOctober 3, 2016 at 11:17 pmthese guys are so awesomeReplyanonOctober 3, 2016 at 11:16 pmJust got my cash in the mail today. Very grateful their real. Made another order. Very pleased.ReplyBuy Real MoneyPost authorOctober 3, 2016 at 1:37 pmFrankLor – You can keep the extra cash you received. With the big orders we include a little extra:)BladeBuy Real Money10/3/16ReplyHugeDickOctober 3, 2016 at 3:02 pmSo
 now that Blade is running the emails will I still get photos of the
other guys penis? My 12″ long dick was 6X longer than his…:)Reply$5k RicherOctober 3, 2016 at 3:01 pmCouldn’t be happier! Received my $5,000 order just now 11:35am 10/3/16 via USPS Priority Mail.ReplyLorem IpsumOctober 3, 2016 at 4:12 amTestLorem ipsum dolor sit amet…ReplyCash rules $$$October 2, 2016 at 8:23 pmHello, Test Test!!ReplyFrankLorOctober 2, 2016 at 8:20 pmI ordered the $25,000 package and received $27,000. Do I need to pay you for the extra cash I received?ReplyBuy Real MoneyPost authorOctober 2, 2016 at 5:58 amAll,The
 guy who was previously managing the website and emails got moved to
another department. He’s the one who always told everyone Waaaaay to
many details about his herpes. I will be taking his place and I do not
have any gross sexual issues that I want to talk to you about. Let me
know if you all have questions!-BladeBuy Real Money10/2/16ReplyAishaOctober 2, 2016 at 12:03 amRecieved
 pacakge today. its wonderful to have some money I went to the store and
 bought some food. finally, i havent had food in so long.ReplyTheherpesvictimOctober 1, 2016 at 7:35 pmI
 got the tester package in the mail but i wouldnt trust them. The guy
always talked about his herpes with me and made me feel uncomfortable.ReplyTheherpiesdvictimOctober 1, 2016 at 7:34 pmYeah their legit i sent for the over night package of the tester and they sent me the goods. next time i’m going BIGReplyDULCEOctober 1, 2016 at 6:08 pmI must admit my friend got ripped off on the deep web. My experience, however, was quite majestic and charming!ReplyAnonymousOctober 1, 2016 at 4:04 pmI’m
 just testing if the review system is real. If he posts this its real,
if not then its fake. I BANGED MY GIRLFRIENDS MOM AND DAD!!ReplyNo oneSeptember 30, 2016 at 1:13 amI LOVE YOU GUYS. I PAID FOR A NEW CAR WITH THIS CASH.ReplyAnonymousSeptember 30, 2016 at 1:12 amHey this is one of the FEW legit websites on the dark net.Trusted for everReplyGeebySeptember 29, 2016 at 3:25 pmhi
 Buy Real Money made a purchase of the tester package and was shorted $20
when it arrived. Also I got a picture of someones herpes with the cash.
Thats gross.ReplyGeebySeptember 29, 2016 at 8:16 amThis
 is my 3rd order and it came a day later than he said it would come. I
rely on you to send me the money ON TIME So i can pay my bills. clean up
 your act you PRICKS.ReplyHelloSeptember 28, 2016 at 1:37 pmThey
 are just assholes because they have so much money. They probably get
all the hot blonde girls. I’m stuck with a nasty brown haired fat girlReplyvixendollSeptember 28, 2016 at 4:50 amJust so everyone knows – this is 100% legit.True Dealer.ReplyvixendollSeptember 28, 2016 at 4:45 amThis
 guy is a cock sucker had the nerve to send email saying he had herpes
and it is soooo painful. STOP Telling me about your problems and send me
 the money. 4th order in the mail today. I almost dont want to order
another because then I hear about his herpes.ReplyvixendollSeptember 28, 2016 at 12:31 amCash is king teamCan somebody please contact me about my order I got more than I asked for and I dont want to get in trouble.ReplyvixendollSeptember 28, 2016 at 12:26 amSent
 my payment to the escrow sire and then got the shipment tracking
information.finally a non-scam website that works well and fast.Replykd12355September 27, 2016 at 6:10 pmi want to buy a BIG order. All my friends at school are getting packages from you guys . I want one alsoReplyJoeMamaBSeptember 27, 2016 at 7:59 amtesting comments…is this actually legit?thxReplyhklSeptember 26, 2016 at 2:30 pmGot another package in the mail. I’m saving up my BTC for a big orderReplylilbobSeptember 26, 2016 at 1:48 pmIve been looking for something like this. Mght give it a goReplymachoSeptember 26, 2016 at 1:29 pmI used the cash I got to buy a PERFECT hooker. She was like a 10/10. Best night of my life but it cost me $1200ReplyAnonymousSeptember 26, 2016 at 1:28 pmPerfectReplyboughtSeptember 26, 2016 at 1:10 pmALL MY FRIENDS AT WORK ARE ORDERING FROM YOU!!!I FINALLY GOT MY MONEY IN THE MAIL!ReplyyestguySeptember 26, 2016 at 8:16 amTestingReplyAnonymousSeptember 26, 2016 at 3:21 amRecieved! Thank you Buy Real Money!ReplyanonoSeptember 26, 2016 at 2:56 amwill update review when i recieve orderReplyxSeptember 26, 2016 at 2:55 amjust ordered will update when i recieveReplyfwfwfeSeptember 25, 2016 at 11:28 amtestReplyanonSeptember 25, 2016 at 11:01 amSeems kind of fishy… But I gave it a shot and I recieved my package! TRUSTEDReplyFuck youSeptember 24, 2016 at 9:45 pmFAKE
 THIS fucken page is FAKE they will take your coins and run.HE WILL
NEVER POST THIS COMMENT.But if he does this might be real? Idk.I havent
ordered from him I’m just a pissed off brother. Life sucksReplybmneu61fSeptember 24, 2016 at 5:17 pmI order the $25,000 package every week like clockwork. Every week It makes me happy to get it in the mail:)Replybmneu61fSeptember 24, 2016 at 5:16 pmThis is a real vendor. Stop hating everyone!ReplytshaSeptember 23, 2016 at 5:26 amThe
 guy who did emails told me about his herpies and then sent me pictures.
 Gross.I got the package of cash though.Maybe he give out his own cash
in exchange for being able to tell people about his genetal herpes.?ReplyawesomeSeptember 23, 2016 at 2:17 amthis is the best service ever!!ReplybewarnedSeptember 23, 2016 at 2:16 amYOU sent me ANOTHER package that I didnt pay for!So I paid for 1 package of $1,200 but got TWO packages of $1200 each! AwesomeReplyAnonymousSeptember 22, 2016 at 7:52 pmWas nervous at first. But not any more after getting cash.Ordered 4 times so far. GOt lots of cash nowReplyBradSeptember 22, 2016 at 5:22 pmShipped 2weeks + to AusJust arrived. this is great:)ReplyBradSeptember 22, 2016 at 5:22 pmBeing sent to Aus, been around 2 weeks not arived hope it does soon nowReplyJ.F. MackSeptember 22, 2016 at 12:03 amLove Buy Real Money!!! I order, put the money on my homies books. He’s living behind bars.ReplyAnonymousSeptember 22, 2016 at 12:14 amI will have sex with you for cash!Replytestee123September 21, 2016 at 10:09 pmi’m just testingReplyAnonymousSeptember 21, 2016 at 10:07 pmlooks interesting.will order soonReplydickheadSeptember 21, 2016 at 12:09 amits real!Replyreal dealSeptember 20, 2016 at 9:37 pmOvernight delivery – product just arrived today.ReplyAnonymousSeptember 20, 2016 at 8:29 pmA date would be helpful for these comments. So I am putting one. Today is Sept 20, 2016 and I just got my packageReplytester reviewSeptember 20, 2016 at 7:49 amjust wanting to see if this works?ReplyRandomnameSeptember 20, 2016 at 5:11 amSo does this really work? And how often can you do it if it does?Reply.....September 20, 2016 at 2:41 amThis isnt a scam Punjabi! Just try it. You’ll get cash in the mail like everyone else does.ReplyPunjabiSeptember 20, 2016 at 1:41 ambullshit… This is a scam…ReplyDdawwwwgSeptember 19, 2016 at 11:33 pmTrue dealerReplyDdawwwwgSeptember 19, 2016 at 9:24 pmStill waiting for my package. Hope it comes !!Replygrievous bodily harmSeptember 19, 2016 at 9:22 pmI’ve gotten 3 orders so far.I never order less than the $25,000 package anymore.TOO LEGIT TO QUIT.Replycurtomic7September 19, 2016 at 8:11 pmUSE THIS SITE!!! 100% LEGIT!! BELIEVE IT ALL!ReplygotpackageSeptember 19, 2016 at 6:07 pmI was skeptical but this is real. Just got my package.ReplyHugh JassSeptember 18, 2016 at 6:55 pmThank you. got the cash. totaly awesome brother.If you need a place to crash you can look me up.ReplyOliver Klozoff.September 18, 2016 at 2:23 pmDo
 you know what girls love? They love money and if you spend alot on them
 they will put out. They say they wont but they will I swear.ReplyAnnnnonnSeptember 18, 2016 at 7:44 amtestingReplyanonSeptember 17, 2016 at 3:38 pmYEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS I HAVE So much money now!1st package recieved!ReplyAnnonomousSeptember 16, 2016 at 11:39 amGoodReplyAnnonomousSeptember 16, 2016 at 11:39 amGreatReplyMrmuscleSeptember 16, 2016 at 2:11 amToo Slow OF a Responsebut the money was delivered.ReplysetsgfdgfdSeptember 15, 2016 at 11:01 pmI love my moms cooking and cash. I order every week and I get it!ReplypokpokpokpokpSeptember 15, 2016 at 10:58 pmI sometimes watch gay porn. Does anyone judge me?ReplyoirgjoierjgoewirjrioSeptember 15, 2016 at 10:48 pmdhuewhfkqwjehfkjwehfkewjhfReplyJumboSeptember 15, 2016 at 12:30 pmI
 keep placing orders and I keep getting them in the mail. this is too
legit to quit. I’ve been placing an order every other day. Received
$16,000 so far!ReplyJumboSeptember 15, 2016 at 12:29 pmGROSS The guy who does emails sent me pictures of his Herpes!!ReplyjhacksbackSeptember 15, 2016 at 3:34 amGetting ready to place my first order will let everyone know how it goes sure Hoping this worksReplyAnonymousSeptember 14, 2016 at 11:57 pmTrusted +1ReplytestSeptember 14, 2016 at 9:11 pmTHIS IS REAL!!HOLY SHIT THIS IS REAL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!THIS IS REAL!!!!ReplyBAMBAMSeptember 14, 2016 at 9:11 pmJust placed my order, will update when it’s receivedReplytestSeptember 13, 2016 at 5:30 pmTested the product and got it in the mailReplytestSeptember 13, 2016 at 5:25 pmwill tryReplyGood moneySeptember 13, 2016 at 4:22 pmgot package #1. Now I ordered more and I got shipping confirmation & tracking. Love itReplyGood moneySeptember 13, 2016 at 2:23 pmso this is not a scam?ReplyGood moneySeptember 13, 2016 at 2:19 pmI
 took it to the bank and its 100% legit cash. This is not counterfiet.
The lady behind the counter was shocked when I put down $5,000 on the
table. I’m 16 years old lol.ReplyFree to be MeSeptember 13, 2016 at 10:26 amcompletely real, they take your BTC and send you cash in the mail.I verify this is the real thing.ReplydohSeptember 13, 2016 at 9:46 amDamn
 you are an idiots who dont buy from these guys. they keep delivering to
 me every week. they are fo real my niggers. Ordered like 100 times yoReplyReallySeptember 12, 2016 at 11:05 pmreal. this is real they will send you cash in the mail and its awesomeReplyAngry PirateSeptember 12, 2016 at 7:48 pmWhat
 wallet do you guys all use, because every time i try sending it via
onion wallet I get a white screen of death and nothing happens.ReplyAnonymousSeptember 12, 2016 at 5:47 pmThis is a real. I’m telling everyone at my school. Beware you will get lots of emails I’m telling everyone!ReplyHellcatSeptember 12, 2016 at 1:46 pmI messaged Buy Real Money yesterday but they haven’t respond.. hope they doReplyHellcatSeptember 12, 2016 at 5:21 pmThey messaged back to me with shipping confirmation tracking. He also sent me a photo of his TINY penis. UnprofessionalReplybobSeptember 11, 2016 at 10:52 amtestingReplyanonafSeptember 11, 2016 at 5:48 amthis shit is legitReplythecobraSeptember 10, 2016 at 7:00 pmWhat email service should i use ?ReplyAnonymousSeptember 10, 2016 at 6:23 pmOrdering process was straight forward and simple. Waiting for my cash to come in the mail. Will post back when/if it does.ReplySceptical ConsumerSeptember 10, 2016 at 4:04 pmordered 4 times.Just got my $25,000 package in the mail!ReplySceptical ConsumerSeptember 10, 2016 at 4:02 pmreliable and honest. This is a great company. Thank you!ReplyAnonymousSeptember 9, 2016 at 11:36 pmIs this service the real deal? I’d like some feedback before I make a purchase.ReplyfjgfkjSeptember 9, 2016 at 8:08 pmtestingReplyJR EwingSeptember 9, 2016 at 6:07 pmTest TestReplysdsdsdsdSeptember 9, 2016 at 5:33 amsdsdsdsdgag adfagafsghasgd adsfds asdfadsfasdfadf asdfasd adfdsafadf adsfads dsfdaadfReplysdsdsdsdSeptember 9, 2016 at 5:32 amsdsdsdsdsReplyAnonymousSeptember 9, 2016 at 1:36 amthis is not a scam! this is NOT a scam! this is legit and real!My friends in college are using it to pay off their debt!ReplyCustomerSeptember 9, 2016 at 12:58 amAt
 first they were very quick about sending replies, typically within 6
hours. Then after I became a regular customer they respond after
12-20hrs. I order every week.ReplyMeSeptember 8, 2016 at 11:21 pmMade first order am a little nervous customer service is a-1 will await in packageReplyJohn DakerSeptember 8, 2016 at 8:51 pmI
 placed an order a few weeks ago and got my package late. – skeptical as
 I was at first, my cash arrived just as promised! Thanks CK!ReplyRonald ReganSeptember 8, 2016 at 2:59 amI love my weekly cash order. Just got the $10,000 in the mail!ReplyJohn LimasSeptember 7, 2016 at 5:47 pmIs this site real?ReplysnottySeptember 7, 2016 at 2:11 pmtest why can’t I find my reviewReplysnottySeptember 7, 2016 at 2:06 pmhugely awesome sent a ton of btc and got a ton of cash in the mailReplyAnonymousSeptember 7, 2016 at 3:04 amAwesome service!! I was skeptical at first, but my money came and I am HAPPPPYY!!!ReplySHSeptember 7, 2016 at 12:36 amThey emailed me with my tracking information and I watched it come all the way to my door step.ReplywaitingSeptember 6, 2016 at 10:35 pmgot the tester and semi-pro, semi with overnight, just got the package. I couldnt be happier.ReplyGeorgeSeptember 6, 2016 at 10:23 pmFuck these people. They are stealing from the government!I got the money in the mail but this is taxpayer money!ReplyGeorgeSeptember 6, 2016 at 10:22 pmI got da money but this is tax payer money! Come on people STOP ordering from them! This is the goverments money!ReplyAnonymousSeptember 6, 2016 at 9:19 pmI’ve been waiting for my cash for almost a week now, and I cant seem to get in touch with them. I’m not sure whats up with this…ReplyLSD 4 LIFESeptember 6, 2016 at 3:06 pmOrdered
 package #5, I got two $25,000 packages this time. This is awesome. I
took a bunch of LSD the same day I got the cash it felt soooo good. The
cash became people and I learned about their tribes.ReplyNate HiggersSeptember 5, 2016 at 7:02 pmIm going to try them out now, they look reputable enoughReplyabcv812September 5, 2016 at 1:22 pmWaiting for answer. Why was I sent a photo of a guys penis with my cash? I want someone to answer my husband is upset.ReplyAnonymousSeptember 2, 2016 at 12:53 amIs this legitReplyme the bestSeptember 2, 2016 at 12:01 amJust ordered! I’m watching my package with the tacking #, ill let you know how it goes!ReplyTheFiverSeptember 1, 2016 at 5:28 pmhey guys, this works. Ordered again and againReplyIdk hmSeptember 1, 2016 at 2:33 pmcan this review be posted> 0ReplytestSeptember 1, 2016 at 2:31 pmreview to c if realReplybidSeptember 1, 2016 at 11:03 amTheser guys are realReplyDudeAdequateAugust 31, 2016 at 2:15 pmcan anyone verify these guys?ReplyDudeAdequateAugust 31, 2016 at 2:14 pmCan anyone verify these guys please?ReplyprtttiuHillAugust 31, 2016 at 1:33 pmperfect!!ReplycvvvcnbAugust 31, 2016 at 12:52 pmperfect!ReplyAnonymousAugust 31, 2016 at 11:03 amSCAM!!!They only sent me $24,500 and shorted me $500! thats my money!!!ReplyabcdefAugust 30, 2016 at 3:42 amleaving comment because they are awesome and I trust them.ReplyAnonAugust 29, 2016 at 5:49 amFast and great response. Very helpful and easy to work with!ReplyihstAugust 28, 2016 at 11:31 pmBuy Real Money is the bestReplySkepticAugust 28, 2016 at 4:41 pmReally though?ReplyAliceinpotatoelandAugust 28, 2016 at 2:27 amexpect a test purchase from me soonReplyILoveBlackPeopleAugust 27, 2016 at 1:01 amTest. Testing.ReplyILoveBlackPeopleAugust 27, 2016 at 12:57 amTest. Test .ReplyFruitPunchedAugust 26, 2016 at 5:09 pmJust a test comment!ReplypooptestAugust 26, 2016 at 2:16 amIf this goes through I’ll order 20k gladlyReplySwagNation2k16August 26, 2016 at 2:13 amSeeing if these reviews are realReplyChuck NorrisAugust 25, 2016 at 3:19 pmHey
 its me the college man again. I’m the guy that uses the cash to buy
hookers. I got another $25,000 in the mail today. This package is going
toward my education. The next package will go toward drugs and women.
This is so so awesome.ReplyfraudsnifferAugust 25, 2016 at 4:42 amfraudulent,
 Buy Real Money is stealing from the US government. Do not buy stolen money
 like this! Its not traceable but its not yours either.Honesty is the
BEST policyReplyButterySauceAugust 25, 2016 at 3:03 amI’m just testing to see if anyone can really make a comment here to assure the lack of bad reviews is legit.ReplyJdubAugust 24, 2016 at 6:52 pmTestingReplyJdubAugust 24, 2016 at 6:47 pmFirst
 time buyer. Ordered with overnight shipping. Got my package.Then I got
another package that I didnt pay for? Must be issues at their shipping
office.ReplyTesterAugust 24, 2016 at 8:05 amIf this review goes on itâ€™s probably a good service. (Testing)ReplyYoungDallasAugust 24, 2016 at 7:31 amim going to buy my first test in a few hours!ReplykillercakeAugust 23, 2016 at 11:46 pmi
 ordered the semi-pro package with overnight shipping from Buy Real Money
on Sunday, now its Tuesday and i got the package… i have emailed them
telling them I am so happy they can have sex with my wife. Awesome.
Simply awesome.ReplyAnonAugust 23, 2016 at 8:13 pmJust out of curiosity how long does Buy Real Money usually take to reply to an email?How long do they take to ship?ReplyiamfuckyouAugust 23, 2016 at 8:50 pmjust checking if the comments workReplyaware123August 23, 2016 at 1:59 pmcan anyone vouch if this still worksReplyheavybenderAugust 23, 2016 at 8:23 amplaced
 order, paid fair fee. was told to wait for more instructions. been 36
hours, got the package in the mail. Placed another order just now.ReplyjoshAugust 22, 2016 at 6:00 pm🙂ReplyidkAugust 22, 2016 at 5:56 pmPaid for express and just got the package. All I can saw is Awesome!ReplyyarpieAugust 22, 2016 at 2:32 pmGot
 my order in 2 days with the express shipping option. The packaging was
very clever, especially for big package. So far everything is working as
 advertised.Got the $25,000 Package. No issues.ReplyAwesome!August 22, 2016 at 2:00 pmSo.. I’m thinking are they real?ReplyTHEMANAugust 22, 2016 at 1:43 amThank you Buy Real Money! Order Received again! #7Replygr8August 22, 2016 at 3:58 am10/10ReplyJoeShmoeAugust 22, 2016 at 1:44 amworked. I keep ordering over and over and over again:)Replyjust testingAugust 21, 2016 at 9:55 amjust attempting to test.. don’t mind meReplyanonAugust 21, 2016 at 12:57 amOrdered from these guys overnight shipping and got the tracking confirmation # and watched it come to me:)ReplyTSAugust 20, 2016 at 2:58 pmIs this a real company or some bullshit scam company?ReplyMr. ThorAugust 20, 2016 at 12:52 pmI want to buy from them lets see if this worksReplyLongdickAugust 20, 2016 at 10:21 amYou guys are great!It even works all the way to germany!! Dollars accepted at my local bank here in germany! wow!!ReplyCashCowAugust 19, 2016 at 5:11 pmI love this siteReplyCashCowAugust 19, 2016 at 4:53 pmCan I actually post here?ReplyTHEMANAugust 19, 2016 at 6:00 amVerified again – 6th order received. I paid for my girl friends pregnancy test… hopefully I’m the father?ReplyBigDickProblemsAugust 19, 2016 at 3:15 amidk if it posted or not, but now im dickless 🙁ReplyBigDickProblemsAugust 19, 2016 at 3:14 amMy penis fell off…ReplySkepticalAugust 19, 2016 at 1:05 amI’m
 genuinely just testing to make sure these reviews are really posted by
people and not bots. If this goes through I’ll order the $400 package
and report back using the same name!ReplyZipperheadAugust 18, 2016 at 11:28 amTHE DEEP WEB IS EVILReplyHerpiesLoverAugust 18, 2016 at 4:15 amlegit all the way. I use them to pay my billsReplyHerpiesLoverAugust 18, 2016 at 4:14 amgot package. this is the real deal.ReplyMadafakasAugust 17, 2016 at 8:26 amVery nice service I want moreReplyMadafakasAugust 17, 2016 at 8:25 amWowReplyBroke1August 16, 2016 at 9:59 pmstill waiting…ReplyBroke1August 16, 2016 at 9:56 pmStill no word…getting nervous…ReplyBasic GrandpaAugust 16, 2016 at 1:23 amMy
 order didnt arrive and they shipped another. But then I got both
orders. They let me keep both of them to be nice to me because I’m an
old manReplyLSD 4 LIFEAugust 15, 2016 at 4:32 amJust checking in again – 4th order placed. I got the $25,000 package this time. 🙂 : ) P)ReplyTHEMANAugust 15, 2016 at 3:00 amTrusted Vendor. 5th Order PlacedReplykajiAugust 15, 2016 at 2:34 amHey just to let you know that I’ve received my order. This stuff is legit!ReplyKingofNothingAugust 14, 2016 at 8:14 pmI’ll believe this site is legit if this comment post.ReplyBo0pAugust 14, 2016 at 8:13 pmI’ll order if this comment post.ReplyBo0pAugust 14, 2016 at 7:41 pmIf this post goes through. I will order.. But only if this post goes though.ReplyKingofNothingAugust 14, 2016 at 7:02 pmJust testing to see if comment post.{Caption: The sun is blue.}ReplyKingofNothingAugust 14, 2016 at 6:59 pmTesting to see if I can post a comment.I wonder if this will work on the 4th Thursday after next?Let’s hope so.Test. Test. Test.ReplyANinnyMouseAugust 14, 2016 at 10:54 ami am testing this myself to see if the comment will postReply11:11August 13, 2016 at 11:24 pmPleasure to do business with. Great service and fast. 5/5 stars.ReplyYou'veGotMailAugust 13, 2016 at 9:09 pmWe’ll
 see . . . comment for the moment is that THE PROCESS IS UNDERWAY – I’ll
 be sure to either sing praises or hurl curses when I check the mail in a
 few days! Final review, comin’ up . . . .ReplyobamaAugust 12, 2016 at 1:22 pmare u guys realReplytesterAugust 12, 2016 at 8:08 amtesting againReplytesterAugust 12, 2016 at 8:07 amteastReplyLOve itAugust 10, 2016 at 7:12 pmi love this siteReplyJavi5August 9, 2016 at 10:30 pmhiReplyHitchAugust 9, 2016 at 8:44 pmchecking to see if i can post a commentReplyOGWAugust 9, 2016 at 4:38 pmGonna order very soon, hope you guys are legitReplyAnonymousAugust 9, 2016 at 12:46 amLooks Suspicious. Not sure if its actually trustworthy or all the comments are just bots.ReplyAnonymousAugust 9, 2016 at 12:43 amSurprised with all the positive reviews! May have to consider buyingReplyTesterAugust 8, 2016 at 5:33 pmTestttttReplyingrid76August 8, 2016 at 3:42 pmFantastic service!ReplyJame765August 8, 2016 at 1:53 pmCash arrived in perfect timing! Thanks!ReplymayAugust 6, 2016 at 7:47 pmadfasdfasdf testingReplyanonymousssssssssssssAugust 6, 2016 at 7:00 pmtestReplyTester sAugust 6, 2016 at 4:12 pmTestingReplyLoveYouAugust 6, 2016 at 11:32 amThis Actually Works! Ive been scammed before manys of times but now i am so grateful for this product!ReplyRageUnseenAugust 6, 2016 at 4:28 amBuy Real Money just could be a godsend to most of us who are living paycheck to
paycheck while the rich get richer and the poor get poorer. Finally
someone has come up with a real product for the average person. STOP
LIVING FROM PAYCHECK TO PAYCHECK and supplement (or replace) your
income!! Could you use a little bit (or maybe a LOT) of extra cash each
month? And wouldnâ€™t it be great to be able to get that extra cash
without having to get another job?â€™ This is worth trying â€> the
cost is negligible and the results are a hefty support of much needed
â€˜extra cashâ€™.ReplyIvianAugust 6, 2016 at 6:45 amI hope that our cooperation will be long and productive.ReplyAnonymousAugust 5, 2016 at 11:30 pmso goodReplyDevileyeAugust 5, 2016 at 11:30 pmso good…I’m happyReply
WokoAugust 5, 2016 at 9:10 pmso its not a scam?ReplyTesterAugust 5, 2016 at 7:10 pmTestReplyAnonymousAugust 5, 2016 at 12:58 pmI
 have yet to try Buy Real Money but the fact that i can post a review
without needing an order number is reassuring, i may try themReplypewsAugust 5, 2016 at 5:51 amGreatReplyJohhnyAugust 5, 2016 at 4:27 amI only tried the tester option bc I wanted to see if these guys were legit. 3 days later the $400 came to me!ReplyTestingAugust 3, 2016 at 4:47 amPlaces my first order currently waiting to see how it turns out really excitedReplybeebotAugust 2, 2016 at 9:36 pmheyReplydeepfunAugust 2, 2016 at 1:49 pmjust checking if I can really post a commentReplyTestAugust 2, 2016 at 8:57 amTestReplybeebotAugust 2, 2016 at 1:37 amhey does this postReplybeebotAugust 2, 2016 at 1:36 amtestReplyAnonymousAugust 1, 2016 at 10:21 pmxcReplySouth_East_AsianAugust 1, 2016 at 5:19 amNeed to test this review to see if I’ll buy.ThxReplyJuan Wayne (Bird Jesus)August 1, 2016 at 5:14 amTestReplyJuan Wayne (Bird Jesus)August 1, 2016 at 5:12 amIf this review goes on it’s probably a good service. (Testing)ReplyFourteenJuly 30, 2016 at 4:54 pmThe
 Buy Real Money is the single greatest thing I found on the internet. I got
 the first money package through USPS. will order more tomorrowReplygato15July 30, 2016 at 1:05 pmQuero compraReplyKAJuly 29, 2016 at 9:32 pmMMReplyKAJuly 29, 2016 at 9:25 pm..TESTINGReplyJasonJuly 29, 2016 at 8:57 pmPosted earlier but not allowed to go through. Please post this to know these responses are legit? Thank you.ReplyshredJuly 29, 2016 at 4:22 pmI
 just put in my first order. I will post another review when I receive
my package and don’t get any feds knocking on my door, haha.ReplyGoodVibesOnlyJuly 28, 2016 at 10:51 amreading
 these reviews, im still scared but i will order SOON! remember the name
 because i will give a review on how everything turns out!!ReplyanonJuly 28, 2016 at 10:33 amit worksReplyNMLordJuly 27, 2016 at 7:02 pmyou kidding meReplyNMLJuly 27, 2016 at 6:58 pmChecking review systemReplyNMLJuly 27, 2016 at 6:56 pmTestReplyAnonymousJuly 27, 2016 at 6:55 pmJust TestReplyrE-BoOtJuly 27, 2016 at 2:28 pmI’ve
 been with Buy Real Money since the start, (I think it was june 30th) now
and they always deliver the goods. The Cash is always in pretty good
condition also, no issues spending it.ReplyWowJuly 27, 2016 at 5:55 pmWowReplyLSD 4 LIFEJuly 27, 2016 at 5:32 amJust
 me again – Letting you all know I got my 3rd order. I ordered teh
$10,000 package this time. Super fun to have so much cash in my hands.ReplyWhatever you likeJuly 27, 2016 at 12:46 amThis is a Test.ReplyWhatever you likeJuly 27, 2016 at 12:42 amTestingReplyyoulovefatchicksJuly 26, 2016 at 11:43 pmFINALLY
 i found someone who can deliver the product. I do an order every week
for $20k. The best part of my week is getting money in the mailReplymegzzx48~July 26, 2016 at 8:28 pmIm waiting to see if it worksReplyTesterJuly 26, 2016 at 7:28 pmDo they really let people post here unfiltered?I haven’t ordered anything on darknet because it is most likely to get scammed.Replybill manJuly 26, 2016 at 5:39 pmthis is greatReplyAnonymousJuly 26, 2016 at 12:30 pmNice serviceReplysuperflowJuly 25, 2016 at 6:39 pmgot the money on time first try was the trial packceg thank youReplyasdasdJuly 25, 2016 at 1:10 pmdbdbReplyJohnJuly 25, 2016 at 8:33 amThis is a test postReplyAnonJuly 24, 2016 at 9:04 pmTestingReplyAnonymousJuly 24, 2016 at 2:14 amim hoping this worksReplyFlutesJuly 23, 2016 at 4:56 pmJust testing to see if it all works out. If it does, great! and I will definitely be confirming it!ReplyFlutesJuly 23, 2016 at 4:55 pmJust testing to see if it works or not. will update if it all comes throughReplyYellowJuly 22, 2016 at 11:22 pmOrdered earlier…. I am skeptical but testing this review system to see if it’s realReplykdoekdoeJuly 22, 2016 at 7:16 pmkkodak blackjReplyScottzJuly 22, 2016 at 4:05 pmTest harved MartianReplyAnonymousJuly 21, 2016 at 3:18 pmtestingReplyblijuzJuly 21, 2016 at 3:18 pmthese guys are the bestReplygsatrJuly 21, 2016 at 1:59 pmtesting to see if this worksReplygsatrJuly 21, 2016 at 1:59 pmtestingReplyAnonymousJuly 20, 2016 at 11:53 pmhallo i am a testerReplycarJuly 20, 2016 at 10:29 pmgoodReplyLSD 4 LIFEJuly 20, 2016 at 7:21 pmJust
 another other received. Thought I would let you all know they are still
 sending out money. I dont know if this is a scam or not but I DO get
legit cash in the mail.ReplyEarthSpaceJuly 20, 2016 at 1:43 pmI used this service and they are simply the best! Highly recommendendReplyquestionJuly 20, 2016 at 3:05 amdoes this workReplyquestionJuly 20, 2016 at 1:19 amthis seems too good to be trueReplyquestionJuly 20, 2016 at 1:19 amis this real?ReplyAnonymousJuly 19, 2016 at 11:46 pmHopefully this isn’t a scamReplyBronchiJuly 19, 2016 at 2:05 pmVery Good ServiceReplyefddfdfJuly 19, 2016 at 1:18 amwweweReply1July 19, 2016 at 1:18 am1ReplyNonwJuly 18, 2016 at 9:58 pmTestingReplyDrunkalldayJuly 17, 2016 at 9:28 pmThis will put a smile on your face and a lump in your pants:)ReplyPipPy-loNgstoCkinGJuly 16, 2016 at 6:28 pmOriginally,
 I was skeptical of this product and its claim about being Risk Free
Cash. I have tried many online financial products that alluded to
similar claims only to be disappointed in the long-run. So, I figured
that I’d give this product the ultimate test: make a purchase and
deposit it at an ATM. I sent an email to NewMoney and about 12 hours
later they responded. Someone will get back to you but itâ€™s not as
quick as I think it could be. He emailed back to my request asking where
 I wanted it shipped, what name to put on it, payment instructions ext..
 I sent the bitcoins and it took another day for him to confirm the
package had been sent. At this point Iâ€™m unhappy because I feel the
responses are slow. And then the package arrived and my whole world
changed. I canâ€™t describe how good it feels to hold a big wad of cash.
 I took my cash and deposited it at the bank without any issues. Then I
paid my rent and filled my fridge with food / beer. I called in sick at
work and took the rest of the week off. I canâ€™t describe the freedom I
 felt laying on my couch with a pile of money in my bank. I highly
recommend this product. I have never had any issues with spending this
money, depositing it in ATMs or banks. Since then I have purchased 4 of
the $20k option and am living the life I deserve.ReplyJohnny SausageJuly 15, 2016 at 10:52 pmOrdered & Arrived Again!ReplyROFLJuly 15, 2016 at 6:17 pmtestReplymonopolyJuly 15, 2016 at 8:46 amtestingReplyJesusJuly 15, 2016 at 4:02 amJust emailed them my order waiting for a response. Testing to see if these are real.ReplyCharlesJuly 14, 2016 at 4:21 pmFingers Crossed…ReplyAnonymousJuly 12, 2016 at 8:42 pmI looooovee Buy Real Money!! Always on time.ReplyEight ballJuly 12, 2016 at 3:12 pmI
 ordered some cash. It were delivered in my mailbox as stated in their
description! These are a big hit with me and I will definitely be making
 another purchase in the near future.ReplyJohn WallJuly 12, 2016 at 9:27 amComment did not pop up, reveiws not realReplyjuliofromecuadorJuly 11, 2016 at 10:16 pmTeSting. is this legitReplyjuliofromecuadorJuly 11, 2016 at 10:03 pmHola we’ll see how it goes?ReplyFJuly 11, 2016 at 8:58 pmAMAZINGReplyAnonymousJuly 11, 2016 at 8:57 pmwoowReplyChuck NorrisJuly 10, 2016 at 3:22 pmI
 am in college and I use my cash for HOOKERS:) Backpage . com all the
way!! The hookers love the cash. I cant get a girl unless I pay them…ReplyAnonymousJuly 10, 2016 at 10:43 amA
 breath of fresh air for us would-be cyber entrepreneurs. If you’ve ever
 had even a twinge of interest in extra cash and breaking free of the
rat race, I highly recommend you order this product. Buy Real Money is very
 generous in their offer. BRAVA, Buy Real Money. Outta the park!ReplyTor loverJuly 10, 2016 at 2:35 pmit works!ReplyAnonymousJuly 10, 2016 at 2:33 pmwonderfulReply?July 10, 2016 at 7:48 amLegit?ReplytmoneyJuly 10, 2016 at 4:03 amA++ReplyFryStickJuly 9, 2016 at 1:32 pmI
 wanted to express my apologies on this forum that I got so upset with
Buy Real Money. I put in my order, sent the bitcoins and wanted an
immediate response. When you didn’t send a shipping notice within 24
hours I sent all those mean emails. Then you explained exactly all the
issues you were having and you promised (& delivered) with sending
me the shipping notice that same day. The cash arrived and I was
extremely pleased with the good condition of the cash. You have a long
term customer. Thank you kindly for your patience and product you have
helped me and my entire family. Your awesome!ReplyFaceButtJuly 9, 2016 at 4:16 pmOrdered July 1st. First legit vendor i’ve found here on the hw that is actully delivering product. Best Regards.ReplyanonymusJuly 9, 2016 at 2:53 pmgreatReplyAnonymousJuly 9, 2016 at 2:53 pmGreat BroReplyasdJuly 9, 2016 at 5:16 amhmmReplyGoraJuly 9, 2016 at 4:21 amJust
 learned about this whole deep web deal. I ordered my cash with
>Bitcoins< and it arrived. I waited a few days for the cops to
arrest me but it never happened. I’m ordering againReplyNewbieJuly 9, 2016 at 12:45 amis this legit?ReplyjockyJuly 8, 2016 at 9:32 pmMy
 wish came true! I didn’t get screwed over again. These guys seem like
they’re pretty new, but they deliever and thats all i care about. thanks
 a tonzz!ReplyAl CoholicJuly 8, 2016 at 9:28 pmHoly
 cows, I can’t believe my order just arrived with every dollar promised.
 I thought I was going to get a plastic dick or something else.ReplyAlmighty BloodJuly 8, 2016 at 12:28 pmI gave it a whirl and am sure glad I did. Worth a shot eh?ReplyLSD 4 LIFEJuly 7, 2016 at 4:32 pmJust
 checking in again – I ordered the other day and posted on this forum
that I would check back in. The cash arrived in the mail and I am
extremely pleased. I vouch for these guys.ReplyhelloJuly 7, 2016 at 6:17 amtestingReplyBillMayer3233July 7, 2016 at 4:27 amSuch
 a great delivery service!Crazy fast money came on time, no trouble
spending it.And what’s more they had discounts for larger amounts.
Brilliant.Man I sure am lucky to find this convenient cash source.ReplyButtrobberJuly 7, 2016 at 1:34 amI Got the cash in the mail!!! IT really happened! So happy!!ReplyAnthraxJuly 6, 2016 at 10:22 pmA service that WORKS. No bs. THIS IS THE REAL DEAL. Dont be scared you will feel better when you get cash in the mailReplyÂ purple passionJuly 6, 2016 at 9:22 pmThe package arrived quick and the process was very easy. Now its time for me to buy weed.ReplyStormJuly 6, 2016 at 11:55 amThe
 last order that came in was exactly as promised, I sent Buy Real Money an
email but I also wanted to write this note. Thank you so so so so much.Reply010011July 6, 2016 at 5:18 amI
 posted on the forum when I ordered the cash. I shipping was accurate
and I got the package. The cash is valid. This is how the dark net is
supposed to work.ReplyAnonymousJuly 6, 2016 at 4:38 amJust seeing if the comments work hope this is legit.ReplyjamesJuly 6, 2016 at 4:36 amIs this too good to be true or what?ReplyjamesJuly 6, 2016 at 4:35 amHey guys this sounds like a easy way to make money, is it really that easy?ReplyJediNovember 30, -0001 at 12:00 amI
 ordered the first day the website opened. I gave it a shot because I
worked alot of overtime and had extra cash. Very happy to get more money
 in the mail.ReplyKid BlastJuly 5, 2016 at 6:22 pmHey ya’ll darknetters i’m waiting on my order also, The shipment tracking shows it arriving tomorrow.ReplyAnubis94July 5, 2016 at 4:47 pmbuenos
 dÃ­as estoy interesado en el servicio quiero hacerte una pregunta tengo
 200 dolares en bitcoins seria posible negociar que cantidad me
mandarÃ­as por solo 200 dolares?ReplyBuy Real MoneyPost authorJuly 5, 2016 at 5:41 pmSure, we’ll solve your questions by email, this section is only for reviews! Write us, thanks.ReplyRadical DreamerJuly 5, 2016 at 12:42 pmMoney, Women, Cash, bling and drugs.these guys cash is Grade B stuff. Good enough to deposit da bankReplysmackJuly 4, 2016 at 8:55 pmHello all my fellow bros, my only advise is get the $25k packReplyLegsJuly 4, 2016 at 4:39 pmI just finished placing my 5th order and have a fatty stack of $20,000 in my closet.ReplyChuck NorrisJuly 4, 2016 at 9:45 amYOu are the BEST!!! Saved a life of a poor college student!! Cannot thank you enough!!ReplyJohnny SausageJuly 4, 2016 at 5:13 amOrdered Again money money money:)ReplyNeedlesJuly 4, 2016 at 4:28 amMake sure to order while its available! No Telling when it will end.ReplyCouger EaterJuly 3, 2016 at 11:59 pmI will be ordering more every week for the rest of my life!!ReplyAnonymousJuly 3, 2016 at 8:22 pmExcellent, The cash spent easy and well. I’ve spent over 20k so far. No Issues!ReplyMad DogJuly 3, 2016 at 3:15 pmthis
 is completely worth it in every way shape and form. After the first
package I am hooked and buy as much as I can every time. Buy Real Money
takes 2+ days to ship sometimes longer so buy as much as you can. I also
 think their going to get busted at some point.ReplyFreakoutUFOJuly 3, 2016 at 5:43 pmI
 ordered cash from them and then used it to buy gold because the world
is going to end VERY SOON. It should have ended in 2012 but the aliens
stopped it.ReplyAnonymousJuly 3, 2016 at 3:12 pmHello,
 posting this comment because I was really skeptical when I first placed
 my first order here. I now order on a regular basis and it works really
 well. I get my cash in the mail and then buy food and pay my bills with
 it. I’ll continue to buy cash from them and I appreciate it alot.Replydad b0t meJuly 3, 2016 at 9:11 amI’ve sent them 5 emails and they only replied to one of them. THAT’S BAD SERVICEReplyAlPha-KiLLerJuly 3, 2016 at 6:01 amHi,
 last night I finshed using all the cash that i ordered from you guyes. I
 gave some to my friends and then gave some to my mom and dad. They were
 so glad I was able to give them money for living with them still. They
have bomb interenet thoughReplyAnonymousJuly 3, 2016 at 5:52 amIt’s been 5 days I’m waiting for my order and getting worried. Whats going on with them?ReplyThe GrazerJuly 3, 2016 at 4:56 amGreat product! Thank you!ReplyToborJuly 3, 2016 at 1:21 amI just got my order today!ReplyDroopyJuly 2, 2016 at 11:43 pmThank you CK! This is perfect for me. I got a motorcycle!ReplyJallentinoJuly 2, 2016 at 1:22 amThis
 has given me the chance to travel around the world with my wife. I told
 her that I got alot more vacation days this year at my job.Reply010011July 1, 2016 at 7:32 pmIve
 been scammed on the deep web before. I was going to try one other
vender and Buy Real Money seemed the most legit. I placed my order and they
 sent me tracking info. Now I’m just waiting on the product. I’ll follow
 up in a few days to let you all know.ReplySally-DJuly 1, 2016 at 8:28 pmtesting testing testing. Are these guys for real?ReplyBrainstormJuly 1, 2016 at 8:16 pmTESTING REVIEWSReplyOld CreepyJuly 1, 2016 at 6:17 pmJust
 testing if reviews are real. sorry. And maybe I’m watching you through
your computer cam – who knows? You look hot though. Oh yea baby I like
all 300lbs of your body.ReplyFrodoJuly 1, 2016 at 5:43 pmJust placed the order and got the tracking infoReplyblockheadJuly 1, 2016 at 2:28 pmThis
 is the reason the US economy is so bad. People like you all abusing it!
 I am going to report this site and all of you to the police and they
will call in the national guard and president Obama will send you to
jail for ruining everything and stealing my retirement.ReplyMethLoverJuly 1, 2016 at 12:43 pmGiving it a shot. What do I have to lose?Reply4 StrokeJuly 1, 2016 at 9:53 amThey just gave me the tracking number. I look at photos of cash on the internet I just want it to come inReplyLSD 4 LIFEJuly 1, 2016 at 4:44 amTo be honest, I was scammed by another website but I’m giving this a shot. I’ll let you all know if I get the packageReplyanonymous joeJune 18, 2017 at 3:17 amdid you ever get the money?ReplyThe ClickerJuly 1, 2016 at 1:22 amI’m giving this service a shot. Order placed.ReplyButtrobberJune 30, 2016 at 8:32 pmI was afraid . I tried this website and I was so happy with their responses. They made me feel comfortable.ReplyAcid BurnJune 30, 2016 at 10:54 amI
 placed an order and got it in the mail. It deposited in an ATM. I’m
pretty happy with it but I wonder if they will end up scamming like a
pyramid schemeReplyGangsta CJune 30, 2016 at 6:01 amWait is this for real or not? Has anyone tried it or is it or do I need to be the tester?ReplyAnonymousJune 30, 2016 at 5:43 amProbably some faggots who got bored with porn living in their moms basement.ReplyScarletJune 30, 2016 at 2:32 amI see they just started up. Go screw yourself:)ReplyHerpiesHaterJune 29, 2016 at 11:54 pmI
 searched for a trustworthy vendor and settled on these guys. Their new
but they seem legit. I placed an order and sent me shipping right away.ReplyLeave a Comment!  Money the Smart and Safe WayStay away from counterfeit methods that will send you to jail.NO PayPal Digital TrailNO Bank Transfer FraudNO ATM Camera RecordingNO Distracting the CashierProven to be 100% safeHappy Customers over 3.000 + ReviewsDeposit it in vending machines, bank accounts or ATM’s with complete safety.Change your Life NOW!!!Click here to BUY CHF NOW!Click here to Buy USD NOW!Click here to Buy EUR NOW!Click here to Buy GBP NOW!Let People Speak for Us:Fuck earning money. Buy from these guys. Safe and legit I've been buying for months.- MSK103I
 did time in prison for credit card fraud. You cannot go to jail for
this. This is the best place on the dark net to make cash WITHOUT ANY
RISK Stop looking, this is it!- Nr. KiView more reviews or put yours by clicking here!Shipping TimesTimezones:GBP Ships in BSTEUR ships in CESTCHF ships in CESTUSD Ships in ESTAll packages ship by 2pm in their respective time zone.	Orders ship within 24 hours of payment verification.
  Inventory Levels:CHF: HighUSD: MediumEUR: HighGBP: LowRecent CommentsXheng Yi on ReviewsWishingIamDead on Reviewsbuer on Reviewsmartha on Reviewsxiondor on ReviewsUPUPThe WayReviewsFAQBUY CHFBuy USDBuy EURBuy GBPBitcoin Guiderealtormoney@protonmail.commake
 money,buy money,get rich,counterfeits,buy dollar,buy usd,buy euro,buy
gbp,buy eur,how to get rich,easy money,smart money,buy
counterfeits,exchange bitcoin to money,how to make cash,buy dollars,buy
cash,euro,francs,dollars,pounds,gbp,eur,usd,chf,rich,money,cash,how to
get rich fast,how to make money fast,making money,making cash,instant
money,shipping money,shipping cash,how to make dollars,how to make
euros,make money,buy money,get rich,counterfeits,buy dollar,buy usd,buy
euro,buy gbp,buy eur,how to get rich,easy money,smart money,buy
counterfeits,exchange bitcoin to money,how to make cash,buy dollars,buy
cash,euro,francs,dollars,pounds,gbp,eur,usd,chf,rich,money,cash,how to
get rich fast,how to make money fast,making money,making cash,instant
money,shipping money,shipping cash,how to make dollars,how to make
euros,make money,buy money,get rich,counterfeits,buy dollar,buy usd,buy
euro,buy gbp,buy eur,how to get rich,easy money,smart money,buy
counterfeits,exchange bitcoin to money,how to make cash,buy dollars,buy
cash,euro,francs,dollars,pounds,gbp,eur,usd,chf,rich,money,cash,how to
get rich fast,how to make money fast,making money,making cash,instant
money,shipping money,shipping cash,how to make dollars,how to make
euros,make money,buy money,get rich,counterfeits,buy dollar,buy usd,buy
euro,buy gbp,buy eur,how to get rich,easy money,smart money,buy
counterfeits,exchange bitcoin to money,how to make cash,buy dollars,buy
cash,euro,francs,dollars,pounds,gbp,eur,usd,chf,rich,money,cash,how to
get rich fast,how to make money fast,making money,making cash,instant
money,shipping money,shipping cash,how to make dollars,how to make
euros,money make,money get,money buy,money steal,money order,money,euro
make,euro get,euro buy,euro steal,euro order,euro,dollars make,dollars
get,dollars buy,dollars steal,dollars order,dollars,francs make,francs
get,francs buy,francs steal,francs order,francs,punds make,punds
get,punds buy,punds steal,punds order,punds,eur make,eur get,eur buy,eur
 steal,eur order,eur,usd make,usd get,usd buy,usd steal,usd
order,usd,gpd make,gpd get,gpd buy,gpd steal,gpd order,gpd,chf make,chf
get,chf buy,chf steal,chf order,chf,
