
















			About
			FAQ
            Pricing
			Feedback












About   
FAQ   
Pricing   
Feedback   





            Welcome to shop cards!

            On our site you can buy fresh RISK-FREE  PREPAID cards, cloned chipped credit cards and cloned magnetic credit cards. Feel free to ask us for, we will answer you as fast as possible!






                    Learn More


















            A bit about us...
            CloneCards is a large group located in
Europe and USA since 2015. We are skimming cards from ATMs by
professional skiming tools in many countries in Europe and USA. Service
what we are providing is just an protection for us by making sure the
cards aren't cashing out only in single area by us.  It makes it easier
for us to cash them out safely. We can't really cash out all of cloned
cards, the amount of cards can lure some unwanted bank investigation.
So... we aren't "Money Givers" or peoples with Gold Hearts who giving
money for free like others bullshit deepweb websites... We are providing
 this service only for our protection giving at the same time help to
others. Maybe in your mind you have vision with us: "Wow, how big mafia
they are...", but not... We are plain, grey peoples maybe like you who
want a little more money.


You want to sell hacked accounts? Contact us if you can sell hacked accounts or dumps on a regular basis.


			Some photos with our onion domain address and shop name on pieces of paper for verification:











	FAQ




				    Why are you selling cards? Why don't you cash out the cards yourselves?
				    We do it. Just not every single one, that would be definitely
 too risky. As said in the "About" tab, "giving the money away" is just
an protection for us by making sure the cards aren't cashing out only in
 single area by us. It makes it easier for us to cash them out safely.
We also can't really cash them all out, the amount of dirty money gone
from the ATMs would attract some unwanted attention that could lead to a
 serious investigation.



				    What is the difference between VISA prepaids, chipped clones and magnetic clones?
				    VISA Prepaid cards don't belong to anyone, they are risk free
 to use. They are basically normal cards that work in ATMs and shops. We
 order cards from VISA, fill them with money out of cloned cards and
sell them. Chipped cloned cards have an owner, they might get blocked,
using them isn't risk free. They will work at any ATM or in every shop,
though. Magnetic cloned cards are the same, yet outdated, rarely work
anywhere and there is no way they will work at an ATM (Only in USA you
can find magnetic cards ATMs). You can still sometimes find a shop with a
 magnetic card terminal, mostly in the USA.



				    How can i order cards?
				    Select and pay:
				     with the following info:
					• Type of cards you choose
					• How many cards you want to order
					• Type of shipping you choose




				    What are the card balances?
				    You can see balance of cards in our pricing list quickly!



				    How to pay?
				    The only form of payment we accept is bitcoin, to ensure the highest anonymity of both us and you. This is not negotiable.



				    Can I use the cards online?
				    Yes, VISA prepaid cards working very well with online stores.
 Cloned cards works too, but be careful . It's dangerous and using those
 cards online is easy way to get card blocked.



				    How do I get PIN?
				    Every card comes with it's 4 digit PIN written separately on a
 piece of paper. If you lose it for any reason, you can mail us your
order number and we'll send you the PIN via email.



				    How safe are those cards in reality?
				    VISA Prepaid cards are absolutely zero-risk. Cloned cards
come with a bit of risk, yet you don't even need to hide your identity
that much when using them. It's the best to remain as unsuspicious as
it's possible when using them. It's impossible to track you down solely
by your look, unless you are a celebrity or something.



				    Button does not work Pay??
				    Enable JavaScript!!!
				    "Pay with Bitcoin" is not active. Payment btc:
1NxdWi1LUksY6VokaVnwjQnSQn7gKpDHpx
In the description of the payment your email.




				    What is the expiration date of those cards?
				    VISA Prepaid cards should last 2-3 years. Cloned cards last a
 couple of years, we guarantee you won't run out of time to cash them
out. If the card gets blocked before you use it, we will send you a
replacement card free of charge.



				    Is it possible to refill the VISA prepaid card?
				    Technically it would be possible, but we won't do it. No
recharges are available to make sure no suspicion arises and to leave
the least traces. It's really troubling to go trough all the
verification just to refill the card. There's a very low limit for the
recharges, so for both yours and ours safety it's better to get a new
card with no history of transactions. We don't want it to be blocked or
get any unwanted attention because of the high recharge amounts.












            PRICING
            VISA PREPAID CARDS








    					5 CARDS
    					$650
    					Packages are packed in anti X-RAY and anti magnetic field foil
    					Balance per card: $3000
    					Transaction limit: unlimited
    					Discount: 12%







    					1 CARD
    					$150
    					Packages are packed in anti X-RAY and anti magnetic field foil
    					Balance per card: $2700
    					Transaction limit: unlimited
    					Discount: 0%
						MOST FREQUENTLY BOUGHT







    					10 CARDS
    					$1000
    					Packages are packed in anti X-RAY and anti magnetic field foil
    					Balance per card: $3300
    					Transaction limit: unlimited
    					Discount: 24%








            CLONED CHIPPED CARDS








    					5 CARDS
    					$550
    					Packages are packed in anti X-RAY and anti magnetic field foil
    					Balance per card: $2500
    					Transaction limit: $1500
    					Discount: 12%






    					1 CARD
    					$120
    					Packages are packed in anti X-RAY and anti magnetic field foil
    					Balance per card: $2300
    					Transaction limit: $1000
    					Discount: 0%
						MOST FREQUENTLY BOUGHT







    					10 CARDS
    					$850
    					Packages are packed in anti X-RAY and anti magnetic field foil
    					Balance per card: $3000
    					Transaction limit: $2000
    					Discount: 24%








            CLONED MAGNETIC CARDS








    					5 CARDS
    					$350
    					Packages are packed in anti X-RAY and anti magnetic field foil
    					Balance per card: $2000 +/-
    					Transaction limit: $1000
    					Discount: 12%






    					1 CARD
    					$90
    					Packages are packed in anti X-RAY and anti magnetic field foil
    					Balance per card: $2000 +/-
    					Transaction limit: $1000
    					Discount: 0%
						MOST FREQUENTLY BOUGHT







    					10 CARDS
    					$650
    					Packages are packed in anti X-RAY and anti magnetic field foil
    					Balance per card: $2000 +/-
    					Transaction limit: $1000
    					Discount: 24%








            SHIPPING








    					REGULAR COURIER WITH TRACKING
    					Free
    					Packages are packed in anti X-RAY and anti magnetic field foil
						Shipping to: WORLDWIDE
    					Delivery time: Around a week
    					depends on the location





    					EXPRESS SHIPPING WITH TRACKING
    					$14
    					Packages are packed in anti X-RAY and anti magnetic field foil
						Shipping to: WORLDWIDE
    					Delivery time: Up to 3 days
						THE BEST OPTION







    					OVERNIGHT SHIPPING WITH TRACKING
    					$29
    					Packages are packed in anti X-RAY and anti magnetic field foil
						Shipping to: USA, Canada and Europe
    					Delivery time: 1 day












Please read carefully our FAQ, but if you still have questions, contact us at:
prohacking@dnmx.org















            Copyright © 2019. All rights reserved.
	            Created by CreditCards
