























                    About ChooseBetter
                    Are you about to buy something from an .onion site and don't want to get scammed? If so, we could help you.
                    We have already tested a lot of sites and we know which are scams and which are not.
                    Note: we don't sell gadgets or
cards or fixed matches etc. We just share informations about legit
services and scams in deep web. We do it for money.Â 
                    So if you want to be sure about your seller and your money, just contact us:
                    choosebetter@safe-mail.net
                    As a payment way we accept: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, DASH, NEM, Ripple, Monero and any other cryptocurrencies.




                            Introduction Points
                            Discounts

                            Cloned Cards
                            Paypal Accounts
                            Fixed Matches
                            Counterfeit Money
                            Electronics
                            Gift Cards
                            Hacking
                            Fake Passports
                            Escrow Services
                            Adult websites
                            Drugs and Guns
                            Other
















                    Introduction Points
                    How do we check? In general we
check the sellers with a test purchases. We add the seller to the legit
list if we get the stuff. Also we accept customers feedbacks with strong
 proofs (for scam cases only).
                    Why there are the same links in different categories?
 That is because one seller could provide different services, for
instance cards, gift cards, paypal. In that case we add the seller in
different categories.
                    Confirmed scam categories where ALL sellers are scammers. Sad but true, there are a few CATEGORIES which are totally scam. There are NO legit sellers at all. Here is the list: Bitcoin multipliers, Prepaid Cards, Pre-shredded money, Western Union transfers, MoneyGram transfers are SCAM!
                     Note that prepaid cards and cloned cards are not the same. There are. Cloned cards exist.
                    How to order? Just choose the categories you want to buy and contact us at choosebetter@safe-mail.net














                    Discounts




                                    $5-Discount
                                    You will get $5-Discount
 if you'll tell us where you have found our website. We mean the exact
place. Answers like "deep web" or "in TOR browser" will not bring you
the discount.


                                    Multiply-Discount

                                        You get $5 discount if your order contains 2 any categories
                                        You get $10 discount if your order contains 3 any categories
                                        You get $15 discount if your order contains 4 any categories
                                        You get $20 discount if your order contains 5 any categories
                                        You get $25 discount if your order contains 6 any categories
                                        You get $30 discount if your order contains 7 any categories
                                        You get $35 discount if your order contains 8 any categories
                                        You get $40 discount if your order contains all our 9 categories




                                Note that you can get both $5-Discount and Multiply-Discount at the same time.

















                    Cloned Credit Cards
                    People all over the world clones other people
credit cards... Every single day someone's PIN gets stolen and chip gets
 cloned. Some thieves prefer to sell the cloned cards instead of cashing
 them out. Nothing strange. Less risk and still a pretty high profit.
The difficult is finding those thieves that only steal CCs and not your
money too! Do they exist? They are going extinct but yes. Who are they?
We'll tell you.


                                   Comfirmed scam list of cloned cards sellers
                                    2eqly6o5tyskqqpr.onion,
2uqpeeq6javi76jj.onion, 3dbr5t4pygahedms.onion, 4l3sufjopilk4cjh.onion,
64fgu54a3tlsgptx.onion, 6thhimkhby4az3vz.onion,
acteam2mf2ubo5hapf2dgsj4h7kjembfy4c6pmlkpueobucl2b3oyyqd.onion,
acteam2nmbucjnht.onion, aqdkw4qjwponmlt3.onion, bankors4d5cdq2tq.onion,
black3krtvdirriq.onion, blackph5fuiz72bf.onion, bidfxeulowylhsyp.onion,
bitcardsqucnyfv2.onion, bucepafkui6lyblt.onion, c5qvq3kr6ddpopeu.onion,
carddumpa36spoya.onion, cardsbvpb54fvssr.onion,
cardsm4cu45vmqyfcb6x4tgr6bob4t7a6jflywszifjmijqifkd7h4yd.onion,
cardsm4fgcw5po3v.onion, cccentersemzrqne.onion, countfe766hqe4qd.onion,
ccpalymn3bi5uctrujnvrp5lf2nmyqf37oykanpcyts3oldt525mpnqd.onion,
clonedxpjlq5764s.onion, dumpsmarslfo4h5g.onion, dumpstreedhgfndk.onion,
eacteamcesfsr3gt.onion, easyvisa5i67p2hc.onion, financo6ytrzaoqg.onion,
freedom7zmzbk62agjmg4qo6gmoymej2bibjtqvb46p3yfehqcbyojqd.onion,
galaxyaonv32reim.onion,
hbl6udan73w7qbjdey6chsu5gq5ehrfqbb73jq726kj3khnev2yarlid.onion,
hcutffpecnc44vef.onion,
hssza6r6fbui4x452ayv3dkeynvjlkzllezxf3aizxppmcfmz2mg7uad.onion,
ka3ds43g3wfltjn4.onion, lmoney433tttoegb.onion, lmoney4rw45hrqfm.onion,
marketdftsaewyfx.onion,
money2dgspddxe2obqsobnjltbw2kr3m25ps4y6caoxaawgrjkbfcmad.onion,
netauth3qialu2ha.onion, o3fkhst6gymb6duo.onion, plasticsq3ltusuo.onion,
premmrkt5cp4pqfw.onion, prepaid3jdde64ro.onion, qdtouzbyyoytbnvz.onion,
rtwtyinmq4wzzl6d.onion, sf6pmq4fur5c22hu.onion, snovzruogrfrh252.onion,
styleup76zfdvypm.onion, vzmvmmaldx3h7vx6.onion, wdtdhq4x2txvvqby.onion,
xb635ncim63dlahg.onion, xf3mt5ev4brqmfrh.onion, xilliayhoiuv5qmk.onion,
zenithccalwhzy26.onion



                We found: 6 legit links
                Cost: $40









                    Paypal Accounts
                    This is one of the most loved services down here
on the dark net. As it became popular, a lot of hackers started throwing
 phishing attacks to PayPal users and selling their passwords. It takes a
 clever hacker, but this is real. People actually do this. The problem
is that such a service is so easy to fake that there are scammers
everywhere. Want to avoid them and buy a working password for a real
PayPal accout? Here we are.


                                   Comfirmed scam list of paypal accounts sellers
                                    2eqly6o5tyskqqpr.onion,
2ljfiwqcup2kc3u3.onion, 2uqpeeq6javi76jj.onion, 3dbr5t4pygahedms.onion,
accountlwghunkeg.onion, aqdkw4qjwponmlt3.onion, bankors4d5cdq2tq.onion,
c5qvq3kr6ddpopeu.onion,
cardsm4cu45vmqyfcb6x4tgr6bob4t7a6jflywszifjmijqifkd7h4yd.onion,
cardsm4fgcw5po3v.onion, cccentersemzrqne.onion,
ccpalymn3bi5uctrujnvrp5lf2nmyqf37oykanpcyts3oldt525mpnqd.onion,
countfe766hqe4qd.onion, dumpsmarslfo4h5g.onion, dumpstreedhgfndk.onion,
eacteamcesfsr3gt.onion, easyppslbft37xq7.onion, financo6ytrzaoqg.onion,
galaxyaonv32reim.onion, hcutffpecnc44vef.onion,
hssza6r6fbui4x452ayv3dkeynvjlkzllezxf3aizxppmcfmz2mg7uad.onion,
imperialqclmoaey.onion, ityukvsoqjgzcimm.onion, j6ktoixcmcr7avgf.onion,
juxvsx23ud7ck7qroro5mdqam23v6hgesob66ki7cnrauf33skhvfvid.onion,
ka3ds43g3wfltjn4.onion, kryptocg6rptq3wd.onion, lmoney433tttoegb.onion,
lmoney4rw45hrqfm.onion, marketdftsaewyfx.onion, lu6oqe5ovmukachv.onion,
nare7pqnmnojs2pg.onion, netauth3qialu2ha.onion, nyn56riu5lj2emds.onion,
plasticsq3ltusuo.onion, ppcentrend4erspk.onion, ppextalynbst3xqm.onion,
premmrkt5cp4pqfw.onion, snovzruogrfrh252.onion, xilliayhoiuv5qmk.onion,
zenithccalwhzy26.onion



                We found: 1 legit link
                Cost: $25









                    Fixed Matches
                    It's sad (for sport lovers) but matches are
fixed. Not a lot actually, but some are. We don't know why and who
(people with a lot of money indeed) fix matches, but we do know that
someone (a friend of that guy with a lot of money?), somehow, knows
those winning tips, and decided to sell them on Tor. Why? Money of
course! They are making money betting on fixed matches and decided to
make even more money selling their tips. Wouldn't you do the same? The
problem is that also scammers loves money, and although this is not the
easiest service to emulate, the risk to get scammed is high, as always.
There are not a lot of sites providing this service, therefore you can
check them all by yourself until you find a trustable one... OR, you can
 ask us.


                                   Comfirmed scam list of fixed matches sellers
                                    bettorzztykidrx2.onion, fixedlwgc3burzts.onion, hbetshipq5yhhrsd.onion, kryswtsgbstxyvve.onion



                We found: 2 legit links
                Cost: $30









                    Counterfeit Money
                    Yes, there are counterfeit bills all around the
world, and therefore alse around the deep web. The problem is that also
this service is easy to scam, and scammers don't ship nothing to you.
Don't pay for nothing. Ask us before you buy counterfeits.


                                   Comfirmed scam list of counterfeits sellers
                                    3ljugjydhuwr6fux.onion,
bnruxuk34pu5l37h.onion, countfe766hqe4qd.onion,
countrfazzak77uykjhrje5bj6pmzrdnacziws5ncpsszfdk3przgfyd.onion,
countuwsuvizhn5xjfm7idrmzvzgtexuotkri2ln5nnkrlhm5uz4ieyd.onion,
financo6ytrzaoqg.onion,
hssza6r6fbui4x452ayv3dkeynvjlkzllezxf3aizxppmcfmz2mg7uad.onion,
lxvywgnrzwbon3t2.onion, plasticsq3ltusuo.onion, qdtouzbyyoytbnvz.onion,
qkj4drtgvpm7eecl.onion, queencdcguevwedi.onion, usd4cx7otgnx6wtp.onion,
usjudzhwh2zaxmzu.onion, y3fpieiezy2sin4a.onion, z2hjm7uhwisw5jm5.onion



                We found: 3 legit links
                Cost: $30









                    Electronics
                    Want to buy iPhone for Bitcoins without getting scammed?
                    On the darknet there are hundreds sites where you
 can buy one, but just a few will work... If you are willing to buy a
properly working super-hot-looking Apple, Samsung or any other device
and want to know which sites are scams and which can be trusted, just
follow these steps.


                                   Comfirmed scam list of electronics sellers
                                    6thhimkhby4az3vz.onion,
applecnapoyjxomg.onion,
apple2dcve46str6ogmf4sqzppqgjwrqaadcljz3lq6n3egim33zqpid.onion,
applekfwov4jebmr.onion, applesf6emggp2pz.onion, bitstorenctdwhmo.onion,
bjjkaebas6uywama.onion, cardedlxzxsphu5y.onion, cstoreav7i44h2lr.onion,
electronz2gpfyz5.onion, mobileay2syyw6qf.onion, n4udgsuyqgvaszza.onion,
tfwdi3izigxllure.onion



                We found: 1 legit link
                Cost: $25









                    Gift Cards
                    Is there a situation when you would like to buy
something in some official online markets like Amazon with a huge
discount? Then you just need stolen gift cards. You buy a gift card and
then you can buy anything you want.


                                   Comfirmed scam list of gift cards sellers
                                    6thhimkhby4az3vz.onion,
aaaaa5r6ckox3y7s.onion, agcardsh65cdvtow.onion, amazonhh6bvisfdl.onion,
cardsm4cu45vmqyfcb6x4tgr6bob4t7a6jflywszifjmijqifkd7h4yd.onion,
bidfxeulowylhsyp.onion, cardsm4fgcw5po3v.onion, cashoutxdrebmlj2.onion,
dumpsmarslfo4h5g.onion, financo6ytrzaoqg.onion,
freedom7zmzbk62agjmg4qo6gmoymej2bibjtqvb46p3yfehqcbyojqd.onion,
freedomxexxwmqvi.onion, freerafir3o5glkw.onion, galaxyaonv32reim.onion,
gc4youuhrzbp5rlm.onion,
hssza6r6fbui4x452ayv3dkeynvjlkzllezxf3aizxppmcfmz2mg7uad.onion,
juxvsx23ud7ck7qroro5mdqam23v6hgesob66ki7cnrauf33skhvfvid.onion,
lmoney4rw45hrqfm.onion, lmoney433tttoegb.onion, marketdftsaewyfx.onion,
money2dgspddxe2obqsobnjltbw2kr3m25ps4y6caoxaawgrjkbfcmad.onion,
moneydtbosp6ygfx.onion, moneyl53xddioie6.onion, moneyrnr22vgcil6.onion,
mrisu6dzj2sy7uvl.onion, nh5hqktdhe2gogsb.onion, premmrkt5cp4pqfw.onion,
snovzruogrfrh252.onion, uts3ozck5w6dpmyg.onion, xzozobvbksp46dwu.onion,
zenithccalwhzy26.onion



                We found: 1 legit link
                Cost: $25









                    Hacking services
                    Here we provide the info about legit trusted
hackers in a deep web. Professional hacker could solve many many
problems for you. And now if you are looking for one then just ask us
about it.


                                   Comfirmed scam list of hacking services
                                    2ogmrlfzdthnwkez.onion,
countfe766hqe4qd.onion, hackergruemqvew6.onion, hackerrljqhmq6jb.onion,
hackerss4ptfozouwjix72eh2y7cu2v72nz57c4myjdceejqfwnz3zyd.onion,
piratecr44nh3nw4.onion, qdtouzbyyoytbnvz.onion, renthackyzogj4b4.onion,
w6hvnslzvaxfgqsz.onion



                We found: 1 legit link
                Cost: $25









                Fake Passports
                                    If you need to get new identity,
become a citizen of any country, travel anonymous and more then you need
 to get fake passport, visa etc. We have a list of scam and list of
false identity and fake passports sellers.


                                   Comfirmed scam list of ID/docs sellers
                                    cityzenp4d2eytjh.onion,
countfe766hqe4qd.onion, fakeidjgjmadhyr6.onion, fakeids5bps3l6qb.onion,
passporxakpmzurx.onion, qdtouzbyyoytbnvz.onion, vfqnd6mieccqyiit.onion,
ukpasspprmwaqrsd.onion, xfnwyig7olypdq5r.onion


                We found: 1 legit link
                Cost: $20








                    Escrow services
                    We recommend to use escrow for any purchase in a
deep web. Escrow protects your money and you against a fraud. But there
are not only legit escrow services in a deep web. There are also many
bogus scamming escrows which will steal your money. We've created a
lists of legit and scam escrow services.


                Comfirmed scam list of escrow services
                btcasiah5fa5mhkp.onion, btccrowosityhun7.onion,
h24wtibkbgc543ck.onion, mescrowt7xii7eoe.onion,
safebtc7vbtjbzojwvi6bmztg6ksdsn34htyxsakexhid6bgxifsd6qd.onion,
7i42x3kjxjldvcqw.onion, vqbintgn7d2l7z43.onion



                We found: 3 legit links
                Cost: $25








                    Adult websites
                    There is huge demand for adults websites in a
deepweb. But there is no adequate supply for this demand. Many websites,
 which are claming they have this videos/stories/info, are scam. Our
list contains websites with ALL adult categories aboard, and some of
them are free. Like, there are many videos for free. No file storages,
no registration. Just click to play. Don't ask us which ones exactly.
Because of security. Hope you understand.


                Comfirmed scam list of adult websites
                We CANNOT show here any websites even they are a scam. We do it because of security. Hope you understand.



                We found: 8 legit links
                Cost: $50













                    Drugs and Guns
                    We never checked these categories of products in
TOR because it was very risky. Drugs and guns are more dangerous than
cards or hacking services.














                    Other
                    Looking for something unusual or not listed? Let's see if we can help you!
                    Looks like you have an unusual request to make... Tell us as much as you can and we'll do our best to help you.



                You will get: contact us
                Cost: contact us








    TO THE TOP





                    Choose Better, 2016-2021

                choosebetter@safe-mail.net
