

































                                                Faqs



















                                                What is Bankor?


                                                    Bankor provides to
you to make some easy money, our professional staff includes computer
experts, skimming hardware installers and forwarding teams.
                                                    We sell cloned and
prepaid credit cards and transfer money via PayPal or Western Union
Since 2015. With us, you will receive the most trusted and security
carding service across to the DarkNet.






                                                What forms of payment do you accept?


                                                    We only accept
payments by Bitcoin. It is the best way to process these types of
transactions, as it is the most anonymous and popular option out there.














                                                Do I need to give you my full address?


                                                   No. You do not
necessarily have to order them straight to your door. It is up to you
where you want the cards delivered. For example, you can have them
shipped to a post office or courier service office.






                                                Is the money transfer service through PayPal or Western Union safe?


                                                    Of course, money
sent from clean and verified accounts with no trace of the source of the
 money.














                                                Do you cash out the cards yourselves?


                                                 Yes, yet not every
single one, that would be definitely unreasonable and too risky. We need
 to spread the traces around the world to make sure the cards are not
traced back to one single area where we cash them out, rather than that
the traces are all over the world. It makes it easier for us to cash
them out safely. We also cannot cash them all out, the amount of money
gone from the ATMs would attract some unwanted attention that could lead
 to a serious investigation in our area of operation.






                                                Is there a warranty for cards?


                                                    Yes, if the card you
 received does not work for any reasons even though we check each card
before it is sent we will refund you or send a replacement according to
your choice.














                                                What are the daily withdrawal limits from the cards?


                                                    The cloned cards: 1000 $ per day | The prepaid cards: 1500 $ per day






                                                Can I receive the digital information of the card without physical card?


                                                    Sure, you can tell
us you want to the digital infomation of the card, We can send it to you
 through email.














                                                Is it possible to refill the Prepaid card?


                                                 Yes. Every card has its
 own corresponding virtual bank account that we cannot give out due to
security reasons. Altough we can make use of it simply by refilling your
 card. For that we will need you to mail us your card credentials. We
charge 10% of the amount you want the card to be refilled with. It is a
new feature, but you do not have to worry about anything, your safety is
 in fact our priority too.






                                                What if I want to cash out in a different currency than USD?


                                                    The cards' balances
will get exchanged automatically basing on the current exchange rates,
including a small fee that we can do nothing about. It is not much, so
we guarantee it will not hit you hard.














                                                How safe are those cards in reality?


                                               Prepaid cards are
absolutely zero-risk. It is the best to remain as unsuspicious as it is
possible while using them. It is impossible to track you down solely by
your look, unless you are a celebrity of course. Cloned cards come with a
 risk, if you do not have any experience in using clones, we would not
recommend them.






                                                Can I use prepaid cards online?


                                           Yes, prepaid cards are safe
to use online. But We do not suggest use cloned cards online.














                                                How do I make an order?


                                                   You can go to the Products & Prices page choose the product you are interested in and press on the "Order Now" button.






                                                Where can I get Bitcoin?


                                                   You can buy them on
various bitcoin marketplaces on clearnet. The sites we would personally
recommend are localbitcoins.com, coinbase.com or cex.io















































                                                Email Contact:
                                                Bankor@privatemail.com


											   Products & Prices
											   Order Instructions
											   Questions & Answers


















                            Â© 2015-2021 Bankor - DarkNet Money Services




                                    Home


                                    Products & Prices


                                    Order Instructions


                                    Faqs





















                                                Home


                                                Products & Prices


                                                Order Instructions


                                                Faqs
